386	Focal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy simulating a mass: MR tagging for correct diagnosis	"51-year-old asymptomatic woman. , Short-axis tagged MR images obtained at five successive trigger delays show active displacement and deformation of tags in region of localized hypertrophy. Imaging was performed using ECG-gated, spin-echo sequence (data matrix, 256 x 128; slice thickness, 5 mm, TR/TE, 632/20; two signals averaged). Trigger delays are indicated in msec."
387	Focal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy simulating a mass: MR tagging for correct diagnosis	"27-year-old man with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. , Transverse MR image shows localized hypertrophy in interventricular septum, simulating mass. Imaging was performed using ECG-gated spin-echo sequence (data matrix, 256 x 128; slice thickness, 5 mm; TR/TE, 952/11; two signals averaged; trigger delay, 231 msec after R wave). This image plane shows lobulated pseudomass bulging into right ventricle. Best practice is to acquire tagged images in same plane, which preserves worrisome morphology and shows contraction within morphology via tags. Altering image plane (as in ) may show septal thickening in characteristic configuration that dispels concern about mass, facilitating correct diagnosis. Ideally, two strategies complement one another."
388	Focal hypertrophic cardiomyopathy simulating a mass: MR tagging for correct diagnosis	"27-year-old man with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. , Long-axis tagged MR images obtained at five successive trigger delays show active displacement and deformation of tags in region of localized hypertrophy. Imaging was performed using ECG-gated segmented K-space, low flip angle gradient-echo sequence (data matrix, 256 x 128; slice thickness, 8 mm; TR/TE, 6.5/2.6; flip angle, 20-degree; no signal averaging; eight views per segment). Trigger delays are indicated in msec. Moving from transverse plane to oblique long-axis plane transverse to septum alters configuration of septal hypertrophy, which now appears less masslike. It is probably better to acquire tagged MR images in exact plane that shows worrisome pseudomass, which facilitates showing that questionable tissue is contractile."
389	Core needle breast biopsy in patients undergoing anticoagulation therapy: preliminary results	"68-year-old woman undergoing warfarin therapy for atrial fibrillation with two malignant palpable masses in right breast. and , Craniocaudal and mediolateral oblique mammograms show spiculated mass with associated calcifications, skin retraction, and skin thickening at 8-o'clock position in right breast, highly suspicious for cancer. Note second lobulated mass more superiorly at 10-o'clock position, which was indeterminate for malignancy."
390	Core needle breast biopsy in patients undergoing anticoagulation therapy: preliminary results	"68-year-old woman undergoing warfarin therapy for atrial fibrillation with two malignant palpable masses in right breast. and , Craniocaudal and mediolateral oblique mammograms show spiculated mass with associated calcifications, skin retraction, and skin thickening at 8-o'clock position in right breast, highly suspicious for cancer. Note second lobulated mass more superiorly at 10-o'clock position, which was indeterminate for malignancy."
526	CT evaluation of mesenteric panniculitis: prevalence and associated diseases	"74-year-old woman with primary nasal melanoma without any other sites of involvement. Contrast-enhanced CT scan shows mesenteric panniculitis as well-circumscribed, inhomogeneous fatty mass displaying higher attenuation than normal retroperitoneal fat. Mass extends from mesenteric root toward left abdomen and surrounds mesenteric vessels."
834	Primary inflammatory carcinoma of the breast: retrospective review of mammographic findings	32-year-old woman with inflammatory carcinoma of the breast who presented with swollen left breast. Craniocaudal mammogram shows diffuse skin thickening.
847	Sebaceous carcinoma of the breast in a patient with Muir-Torre syndrome	"46-year-old woman with Muir-Torre syndrome. Craniocaudal mammogram shows sebaceous carcinoma, which corresponds to palpable lump in patient's breast."
848	Sebaceous carcinoma of the breast in a patient with Muir-Torre syndrome	"46-year-old woman with Muir-Torre syndrome. Mediolateral oblique mammogram reveals sebaceous carcinoma, which is visible just beneath skin. Note metallic marker that was placed on lump."
849	Sebaceous carcinoma of the breast in a patient with Muir-Torre syndrome	"46-year-old woman with Muir-Torre syndrome. Photomicrograph of histologic specimen shows sebaceous gland carcinoma. Note focal calcification and necrosis. (H and E, x 100)"
919	Vascular malformations and hemangiomas: a practical approach in a multidisciplinary clinic	Infantile hemangioma in 21-day-old male neonate. Photograph shows lobulated mass extending from region of knee. Lack of superficial involvement renders lesion bluish rather than strawberry red.
920	Vascular malformations and hemangiomas: a practical approach in a multidisciplinary clinic	Infantile hemangioma in 21-day-old male neonate. Axial T1-weighted MR image (500/14 [TR/TE]) shows mass with signal intensity similar to that of skeletal muscle. Note low signal intensity and prominent veins.
921	Vascular malformations and hemangiomas: a practical approach in a multidisciplinary clinic	"Infantile hemangioma in 21-day-old male neonate. Axial T2-weighted fat-saturated fast spin-echo MR image (4000/98) shows heterogeneous high-signal-intensity mass confined to subcutaneous tissue. Because lesion did not have classic temporal pattern of growth on physical examination, biopsy was performed to confirm diagnosis of hemangioma."
928	Vascular malformations and hemangiomas: a practical approach in a multidisciplinary clinic	Percutaneous sclerosis of venous malformation of foot of an 18-year-old female dancer with pain. Sagittal T2-weighted fat-saturated fast spin-echo MR image (4000/98 [TR/TE]) obtained before procedure shows serpentine areas of high signal intensity.
929	Vascular malformations and hemangiomas: a practical approach in a multidisciplinary clinic	Percutaneous sclerosis of venous malformation of foot of an 18-year-old female dancer with pain. Image from percutaneous venogram obtained during sclerosis shows tangle of venous structures and draining veins. Note angiocatheter.
930	Vascular malformations and hemangiomas: a practical approach in a multidisciplinary clinic	"Percutaneous sclerosis of venous malformation of foot of an 18-year-old female dancer with pain. Sagittal T2-weighted fat-saturated fast spin-echo MR image (4000/98) obtained 7 months later than and shows resolution of serpentine high-signal-intensity structures and replacement with low-signal-intensity structures , most likely fibrotic scars."
954	Evolution of peripheral lung adenocarcinomas: CT findings correlated with histology and tumor doubling time	"Type B adenocarcinoma in 74-year-old woman (tumor doubling time, 695 days). High-resolution CT scan shows 18 x 24 mm area with marked ground-glass opacity containing focal area of increased attenuation. Single pleural tag and air bronchogram are also present."
955	Evolution of peripheral lung adenocarcinomas: CT findings correlated with histology and tumor doubling time	"Type C adenocarcinoma in 72-year-old woman (tumor doubling time, 249 days). High-resolution CT scan shows 20 x 28 mm nodule with ground-glass opacity only at periphery. Three pleural tags and air bronchogram are visible."
967	Evolution of peripheral lung adenocarcinomas: CT findings correlated with histology and tumor doubling time	"Type F adenocarcinoma in 75-year-old woman (tumor doubling time, 124 days). CT scan obtained 374 days after initial CT scan shows that nodule is larger (13 x 9 mm) and still solid. Pleural tag and vascular convergence also developed."
1530	Angiofollicular lymphoid hyperplasia (Castleman disease) of the axilla	"37-year-old woman with angiofollicular lymphoid hyperplasia of axilla. Photomicrograph of histopathologic specimen shows concentric layering of follicular lymphocytes around hyalinized central vessel producing characteristic onion skin pattern. (H and E, high power)"
1889	Herpes simplex virus mastitis: clinical and imaging findings	50-year-old woman with herpes simplex virus mastitis. Extended field-of-view sonogram shows diffuse skin thickening related to mastitis extending inferiorly from nipple. Thickening is decreased to normal state peripherally where skin covers large simple cyst.
1912	Centennial dissertation. Percutaneous imaging-guided core breast biopsy: state of the art at the millennium	"40-year-old asymptomatic woman with nonpalpable mass in right breast. Photograph of breast immediately after core biopsy shows tiny skin incision that usually disappears within few weeks after biopsy. Note that skin nick from core biopsy is much smaller than periareolar scar from prior surgical biopsy. Histologic analysis (not shown) revealed benign fibroadenoma, and patient was spared surgery."
2297	Incidental treatment of nipple discharge caused by benign intraductal papilloma through diagnostic Mammotome biopsy	65-year-old woman with serous nipple discharge. Sonogram obtained during saline injection through ductography needle reveals offending duct extending to papilloma and verifies intraductal mass as cause of discharge. Subsequent mammotomy removed lesion and ended discharge.
2298	Incidental treatment of nipple discharge caused by benign intraductal papilloma through diagnostic Mammotome biopsy	48-year-old woman with no discharge. Sonogram with color flow in papillary excrescence distinguishes this palpable intracystic papilloma from debris or avascular septation in nonneoplastic complex cyst.
2299	Incidental treatment of nipple discharge caused by benign intraductal papilloma through diagnostic Mammotome biopsy	"37-year-old woman with clear nipple discharge. Radially oriented sonogram shows duct partially filled with indeterminate material. Flow shown within duct confirms presence of neoplasm. Ectatic duct segment leading to nipple is shown for orientation. Mammotome (Biopsys/Ethicon Endo-surgery, Cincinnati, OH) biopsy showed benign papilloma."
2301	Incidental treatment of nipple discharge caused by benign intraductal papilloma through diagnostic Mammotome biopsy	"76-year-old woman with dark bloody nipple discharge. Sonogram shows mammotome probe in ideal position; elongated papilloma is within upward-directed mammotome (Biopsys/Ethicon Endo-surgery, Cincinnati, OH) aperture. Acoustic ring-down from vacuum ports is seen deep in relation to aperture. Small white arrows represent superior surface of probe proximal to aperture."
2302	Incidental treatment of nipple discharge caused by benign intraductal papilloma through diagnostic Mammotome biopsy	76-year-old woman with dark bloody nipple discharge. Sonogram (right and left orientation reversed) reveals absence of papilloma after probe removal from biopsy site. On follow-up physical examination no discharge was seen.
2308	Incidental treatment of nipple discharge caused by benign intraductal papilloma through diagnostic Mammotome biopsy	"52-year-old woman with serous bloody nipple discharge. Sonogram of nipple areolar complex shows gel stand-off , nipple , and lesion in nipple. External fragment of tissue was removed with forceps, and pathology showed papilloma. Patient was not offered percutaneous biopsy because of position of lesion in nipple."
2324	CT of tattoos removed with laser therapy	52-year-old man who underwent laser therapy for tattoo removal. Chest CT scan shows bilateral lateral thoracic lymph nodes with metal density. Note widespread metal density in skin.
2325	CT of tattoos removed with laser therapy	52-year-old man who underwent laser therapy for tattoo removal. Chest CT scan shows widespread metal density in skin.
2369	Nonthrombotic pulmonary emboli	22-year-old female IV drug user with cotton embolism and shortness of breath. Patient typically used cotton balls to clean her skin and inserted needle through cotton while injecting narcotics. Posteroanterior chest radiograph reveals multiple poorly marginated hazy and homogeneous opacities in both lungs. Open lung biopsy results revealed chronic inflammatory reaction and refractile cotton fibers.
2784	Comparative value of 99mTc-sestamibi scintimammography and sonography in the diagnostic workup of breast masses	False-positive sonographic findings and true-negative scintimammographic findings in 64-year-old woman with palpable lump in left lateral breast. Scintimammogram reveals normal findings. Diagnosis was fibrocystic change and papilloma.
2785	Imaging of primary actinomycosis of the breast	66-year-old woman with primary breast actinomycosis. Craniocaudal left mammogram shows enlarged breast with augmented density compared with contralateral breast (not shown). Note skin thickening and irregular mass with spiculated contours.
2787	Imaging of primary actinomycosis of the breast	66-year-old woman with primary breast actinomycosis. Sonogram of superolateral quadrant of left breast shows collection of thickened fluid and fistulas draining to skin.
2839	Tattoo-induced skin burn during MR imaging	"Color photograph of right deltoid muscle of 23-year-old man with second-degree burns. Black thunderbolts have multiple white areas, which were raised and swollen 24 hr earlier. Red areas outlining thunderbolts are normal, and skin with Chinese symbol is normal."
2937	Appendiceal ganglioneuromas and pheochromocytoma in neurofibromatosis type 1	33-year-old woman with crampy right upper quadrant pain of 6 months' duration. Contrast-enhanced CT scan shows enlarged nodular appendix. Note minimal surrounding inflammatory changes.
2938	Appendiceal ganglioneuromas and pheochromocytoma in neurofibromatosis type 1	33-year-old woman with crampy right upper quadrant pain of 6 months' duration. Contrast-enhanced CT scan obtained at level cephalad to shows heterogeneous left adrenal mass.
2939	Appendiceal ganglioneuromas and pheochromocytoma in neurofibromatosis type 1	"33-year-old woman with crampy right upper quadrant pain of 6 months' duration. Gross pathologic specimen shows diffusely enlarged nodular appendix with muscular hypertrophy of wall, which contained multiple ganglioneuromas on histologic examination and adjacent plexiform neurofibroma."
3156	MR perfusion imaging of the brain: techniques and applications	33-year-old healthy man. Unenhanced sagittal T1-weighted MR image of brain shows continuous inversion arterial spin-tagging technique. Solid lines depict imaging slice and dashed line depicts tagging plane where water protons in inflowing arterial blood are magnetically tagged by radiofrequency inversion pulse. Quantitative estimates of cerebral blood flow can be obtained by measuring signal changes between tagged images and baseline untagged images.
3157	MR perfusion imaging of the brain: techniques and applications	"33-year-old healthy man. Multiple slices of brain obtained using multislice arterial spin-tagging MR perfusion imaging technique. Images show quantitative cerebral blood flow maps. Displayed are five of 10 slice locations extending from level of mid lateral ventricle to level of supraventricular white matter. Artifacts from high flow in superior sagittal sinus are noted anteriorly and, to lesser extent, posteriorly. Total imaging time was approximately 5 min (Courtesy of Yongbi M, Duyn, JH, and Yang Y, Bethesda, MD)."
3173	MR perfusion imaging of the brain: techniques and applications	33-year-old healthy man. Comparison of finger-tapping activation task using arterial spin-tagging and blood oxygenation level-dependent (BOLD) techniques. (Reprinted with permission from [ ]) t test activation maps (red) superimposed on T2*-weighted images using multislice FAIR (flow-sensitive alternating inversion-recovery) technique; FAIR is sensitive to increases in local cerebral blood flow during task.
3174	MR perfusion imaging of the brain: techniques and applications	"33-year-old healthy man. Comparison of finger-tapping activation task using arterial spin-tagging and blood oxygenation level-dependent (BOLD) techniques. (Reprinted with permission from [ ]) t test activation maps (red) superimposed on T2*-weighted images using BOLD technique, which is sensitive to changes in blood oxygenation. Note patterns of activation similar to those in."
3353	Imaging of Mycobacterium avium-intracellulare infection in AIDS patients on highly active antiretroviral therapy: reversal syndrome	"50-year-old woman with AIDS who developed fever, arthralgias, cutaneous nodules, and osteomyelitis of right foot and thoracic spine after starting highly active antiretroviral therapy. T1-weighted MR image of thoracic spine shows paraspinal mass. Note collapse of T7 from Mycobacterium avium-intracellulare osteomyelitis."
3598	Potentially distinctive features of sinonasal inverted papilloma on MR imaging	"45-year-old man with inverted papilloma. Unenhanced spin-echo T1-weighted coronal MR image (TR/TE, 470/17) shows intermediate-signal-intensity mass that is relatively nondescript in internal architecture and involves right-sided maxillary antrum, nasal cavity, and ethmoidal sinus."
3599	Potentially distinctive features of sinonasal inverted papilloma on MR imaging	"45-year-old man with inverted papilloma. Unenhanced fast spin-echo T2-weighted coronal MR image (4600/120) reveals convoluted cerebriform pattern throughout mass. Pattern consists of low-signal-intensity and relatively high-signal-intensity striations that probably represent metaplastic squamous epithelium and edematous stroma, respectively. Note mucous-filled gaps between folds of tissue that are difficult to identify with certainty. Secretions after obstruction in lateralmost portion of right-sided maxillary antrum are of extremely high signal intensity."
3600	Potentially distinctive features of sinonasal inverted papilloma on MR imaging	45-year-old man with inverted papilloma. Contrast-enhanced spin-echo T1-weighted coronal MR image (470/17) shows well-enhancing stroma and less-enhancing epithelium that create convoluted cerebriform pattern correlating with that seen in. Trapped secretions in lateralmost portion of right-sided maxillary antrum do not enhance.
3601	Potentially distinctive features of sinonasal inverted papilloma on MR imaging	"45-year-old man with inverted papilloma. Photomicrograph of histopathologic specimen shows characteristic inverted morphologic features. Note hyperplastic squamous epithelium (E) protruding into stroma (S) producing grossly convoluted cerebriform appearance. G = tissue gap. (H and E, x 5)"
3602	Potentially distinctive features of sinonasal inverted papilloma on MR imaging	"47-year-old man with concomitant inverted papilloma and focal squamous cell carcinoma (pathologic group 2). Contrast-enhanced spin-echo T1-weighted axial MR image (TR/TE, 500/19) reveals inhomogeneously enhancing tumor destroying medial and anterior walls of left-sided maxillary antrum. Tumor also directly invades retromaxillary fat pad. Poorly enhancing area in lesion represents gross central necrosis. Because this patient had predominantly squamous cell carcinoma with only small component of inverted papilloma, cerebriform pattern was not identified throughout entire mass as in other patients (Figs. , , , and ), who had inverted papilloma with or without small foci of coexisting squamous cell carcinoma not identified in this tumor."
3603	Potentially distinctive features of sinonasal inverted papilloma on MR imaging	"47-year-old man with concomitant inverted papilloma and squamous cell carcinoma (pathologic group 1). Unenhanced fast spin-echo T2-weighted coronal MR image (TR/TE, 4600/120) discloses intermediate-signal-intensity mass centered in right-sided nasal cavity and maxillary antrum. Convoluted cerebriform pattern is present throughout entirety of mass. Multifocal in situ squamous cell carcinoma was present diffusely in mucosa of this inverted papilloma but did not disturb basic morphologic inverted papilloma pattern. Secondary frontal and ethmoidal obstructive changes are easily differentiated from inverted papilloma."
3719	Radiologic evaluation of soft-tissue masses: a current perspective	"35-year-old woman with metastatic melanoma and multiple metastases. Coronal T1-weighted spin-echo MR image (600/20, TR/TE) shows lobulated nodule in subcutaneous adipose tissue of buttocks. Note subtle intraosseous metastasis in ischium."
3720	Radiologic evaluation of soft-tissue masses: a current perspective	35-year-old woman with metastatic melanoma and multiple metastases. Axial conventional T2-weighted MR image (2500/80) shows fluid-fluid level indicative of previous hemorrhage.
4166	Palpable breast masses: is there a role for percutaneous imaging-guided core biopsy?	"57-year-old woman with palpable lump in right upper inner quadrant. Collimated mediolateral oblique mammogram obtained after placement of radiopaque skin marker over palpable lump shows irregular spiculated mass measuring approximately 1.2 cm. Fine-needle aspiration under guidance of palpation by surgeon yielded benign ductal epithelial cells and adipose tissue, a diagnosis that was discordant with imaging findings."
4170	Palpable breast masses: is there a role for percutaneous imaging-guided core biopsy?	"52-year-old woman with palpable lump in right lower outer quadrant. Collimated 90-degree lateral magnified mammogram of right breast shows 1-cm mass with pleomorphic calcifications in 9-o'clock axis corresponding to palpable lump, as denoted by radiopaque skin marker. Second nonpalpable mass measuring 0.6 cm was seen in right 11-o'clock axis."
4766	Mammographic findings in basal cell carcinoma of the male nipple	70-year-old man with indurated plaque of right nipple. Mammogram reveals punctate calcifications in areola (marked with BB). Calcifications occupy 0.5-cm area and are somewhat pleomorphic with moderate diversity in size. Note absence of associated mass or gynecomastia.
4767	Mammographic findings in basal cell carcinoma of the male nipple	70-year-old man with indurated plaque of right nipple. Magnified mammogram of calcifications shows their pleomorphic nature.
4768	Mammographic findings in basal cell carcinoma of the male nipple	"70-year-old man with indurated plaque of right nipple. Photomicrograph of histopathologic specimen of nipple shows nodules of basal cell carcinoma. Note characteristic peripheral palisading of basal cells and central calcifications. (H and E, x 40)"
4951	Thick-section reformatting of thinly collimated helical CT for reduction of skull base-related artifacts	42-year-old man with malignant melanoma. Conventional CT scan shows artifacts from petrous bones that make evaluation of right pontine lesion difficult.
4952	Thick-section reformatting of thinly collimated helical CT for reduction of skull base-related artifacts	42-year-old man with malignant melanoma. Reformatted helical CT scan improves visibility of pontine lesion and reveals second lesion in left cerebellum. Note decrease in artifacts in middle and anterior cranial fossa.
5190	Role of the radiologist in cardiac diagnostic imaging	"Systolic short-axis tagged MR image of 42-year-old man with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. Note asymmetric posterior left ventricular thickening. Furthermore, changes in tagging intersections are less pronounced in this region of myocardial disarray."
5647	Diagnosis of symptomatic intestinal metastases using transabdominal sonography and sonographically guided puncture	57-year-old man with metastatic malignant melanoma who presented with acute peritonitis. Transverse sonogram of ileal metastasis shows marked hypoechoic thickening of bowel wall (as much as 1.5 cm in diameter) and loss of normal stratification. Note slitlike luminal narrowing with hyperechoic gas and adjacent lymph node between crosses.
5648	Diagnosis of symptomatic intestinal metastases using transabdominal sonography and sonographically guided puncture	57-year-old man with metastatic malignant melanoma who presented with acute peritonitis. Pathologic specimen after resection confirms marked segmental bowel wall thickening with narrowing of lumen.
5651	Diagnosis of symptomatic intestinal metastases using transabdominal sonography and sonographically guided puncture	70-year-old man with metastatic malignant melanoma who presented with intermittent crampy abdominal pain. Transverse sonogram of right lower abdomen shows ileoileal intussusception seen as ring in ring sign. Outer hypoechoic ring is formed by intussuscipiens (invaginating ileum). Inner hypoechoic round area is formed by intussusceptum (entering limb of invaginated ileum) with mucosal melanoma metastasis in center. Hyperechoic crescent between two rings is formed by invaginated mesenteric fat.
5652	Diagnosis of symptomatic intestinal metastases using transabdominal sonography and sonographically guided puncture	70-year-old man with metastatic malignant melanoma who presented with intermittent crampy abdominal pain. Transverse sonogram at apex of intussusception shows invaginated hypoechoic irregularly bordered melanoma metastasis in ileal lumen.
5653	Diagnosis of symptomatic intestinal metastases using transabdominal sonography and sonographically guided puncture	70-year-old man with metastatic malignant melanoma who presented with intermittent crampy abdominal pain. Doppler sonogram of intraluminal mucosal metastasis reveals strong capillary blood flow.
5654	Diagnosis of symptomatic intestinal metastases using transabdominal sonography and sonographically guided puncture	70-year-old man with metastatic malignant melanoma who presented with intermittent crampy abdominal pain. CT scan shows ileum with contrast material in its lumen being invaginated by mesenterically thickened ileum segment.
5821	"Cross-sectional imaging of peripheral nerve sheath tumors: characteristic signs on CT, MR imaging, and sonography"	40-year-old woman with neurofibroma involving median nerve in forearm. CT scan reveals large low-attenuation lesion in volar aspect of forearm and median nerve distribution.
5822	"Cross-sectional imaging of peripheral nerve sheath tumors: characteristic signs on CT, MR imaging, and sonography"	"40-year-old woman with neurofibroma involving median nerve in forearm. Coronal proton density weighted fat-saturated MR image shows fusiform shape of slightly heterogeneous high-signal-intensity lesion with proximal and distal tails , representing entering and exiting median nerve."
5823	"Cross-sectional imaging of peripheral nerve sheath tumors: characteristic signs on CT, MR imaging, and sonography"	40-year-old woman with neurofibroma involving median nerve in forearm. Axial fast spin-echo short tau inversion-recovery MR image shows large well-defined predominantly high-signal-intensity lesion in median nerve distribution.
5824	"Cross-sectional imaging of peripheral nerve sheath tumors: characteristic signs on CT, MR imaging, and sonography"	30-year-old man with neurofibroma involving right C3 cervical nerve root. Oblique radiograph of cervical spine reveals smooth enlargement of right C2-C3 neuroforamen.
5825	"Cross-sectional imaging of peripheral nerve sheath tumors: characteristic signs on CT, MR imaging, and sonography"	30-year-old man with neurofibroma involving right C3 cervical nerve root. Axial T1-weighted gadolinium-enhanced MR image shows large dumbbell-shaped enhancing lesion extending through right C2-C3 neuroforamen.
5826	"Cross-sectional imaging of peripheral nerve sheath tumors: characteristic signs on CT, MR imaging, and sonography"	"18-year-old man with neurofibroma of common peroneal nerve and clinical history of foot drop. Transverse sonogram (7-12 MHz linear array transducer) of lateral leg just distal to knee reveals rounded relatively hypoechoic lesion with subtle central region of increased echogenicity , consistent with sonographic target sign, which is better appreciated on real-time imaging."
5827	"Cross-sectional imaging of peripheral nerve sheath tumors: characteristic signs on CT, MR imaging, and sonography"	"18-year-old man with neurofibroma of common peroneal nerve and clinical history of foot drop. Axial fast spin-echo short tau inversion-recovery MR image shows round lesion with high-signal-intensity periphery and low-signal-intensity central region, corresponding to lesion seen in Lesion represents MR target sign."
5828	"Cross-sectional imaging of peripheral nerve sheath tumors: characteristic signs on CT, MR imaging, and sonography"	"18-year-old man with neurofibroma of common peroneal nerve and clinical history of foot drop. Axial T1-weighted MR image shows fatty atrophy of anterior compartment muscles (tibialis anterior, extensor hallucis longus, and extensor digitorum longus), consistent with peroneal nerve distribution."
5829	"Cross-sectional imaging of peripheral nerve sheath tumors: characteristic signs on CT, MR imaging, and sonography"	"19-year-old man with neurofibromatosis and extensive plexiform neurofibromas. Coronal T2-weighted MR image of right knee posteriorly reveals conglomerate multilobulated masses representing plexiform neurofibromas. Individual lesions show high signal intensity peripherally and low signal intensity centrally , consistent with MR target sign."
5830	"Cross-sectional imaging of peripheral nerve sheath tumors: characteristic signs on CT, MR imaging, and sonography"	19-year-old man with neurofibromatosis and extensive plexiform neurofibromas. Longitudinal extended field-of-view sonogram (7.5-MHz linear array transducer) of right lower extremity from posterior approach shows extensive multilobulated masses extending entire length of leg in sciatic and tibial nerve distributions. Note posterior femoral cortex and tibial cortices. K = knee. (Reprinted with permission from [ ])
5831	"Cross-sectional imaging of peripheral nerve sheath tumors: characteristic signs on CT, MR imaging, and sonography"	19-year-old man with neurofibromatosis and extensive plexiform neurofibromas. Focused longitudinal sonogram (5-MHz curvilinear transducer) of posterior thigh shows large conglomerated masses. Each lesion reveals target sign.
5832	"Cross-sectional imaging of peripheral nerve sheath tumors: characteristic signs on CT, MR imaging, and sonography"	"19-year-old man with neurofibromatosis and extensive plexiform neurofibromas. Longitudinal sonogram (7.5-MHz linear array transducer) of left elbow medially, distal to cubital tunnel, reveals solitary ovoid mass in contiguity with ulnar nerve. Lesion shows hypoechoic echotexture, well-defined margins, and subtle distal acoustic enhancement. (Reprinted with permission from [ ])"
5833	"Cross-sectional imaging of peripheral nerve sheath tumors: characteristic signs on CT, MR imaging, and sonography"	39-year-old man with neurofibromatosis and numerous localized neurofibromas in pelvis and lower extremities. Coronal fast spin-echo short tau inversion-recovery MR image of pelvis shows multiple ovoid homogeneous high-signal-intensity lesions.
5834	"Cross-sectional imaging of peripheral nerve sheath tumors: characteristic signs on CT, MR imaging, and sonography"	"39-year-old man with neurofibromatosis and numerous localized neurofibromas in pelvis and lower extremities. Coronal T1-weighted MR image of knee reveals numerous ovoid homogeneous intermediate signal lesions in chainlike pattern in medial soft tissues, surrounded by fat representing split-fat sign."
5835	"Cross-sectional imaging of peripheral nerve sheath tumors: characteristic signs on CT, MR imaging, and sonography"	"62-year-old man with neurofibromatosis and diffuse neurofibromas involving superficial tissues of left lower extremity. Anteroposterior ScoutView from CT scan shows marked enlargement of soft tissues of left lower extremity as compared with right lower extremity, consistent with hemihypertrophy."
5836	"Cross-sectional imaging of peripheral nerve sheath tumors: characteristic signs on CT, MR imaging, and sonography"	"62-year-old man with neurofibromatosis and diffuse neurofibromas involving superficial tissues of left lower extremity. CT scan of left calf shows marked thickening and enlargement of superficial soft tissues primarily posteriorly , which is heterogeneous with mixed soft-tissue and fat attenuation. Muscle compartment is essentially uninvolved and normal. Percutaneous core biopsy needle was used to confirm diagnosis."
5838	"Cross-sectional imaging of peripheral nerve sheath tumors: characteristic signs on CT, MR imaging, and sonography"	"37-year-old man with degenerating schwannoma of sacrum and pelvis. Transverse sonogram (3.5-MHz curvilinear transducer) of pelvis from anterior approach shows large heterogeneous relatively hypoechoic lesion in presacral region. Note central anechoic areas , consistent with cystic cavities."
5839	"Cross-sectional imaging of peripheral nerve sheath tumors: characteristic signs on CT, MR imaging, and sonography"	"37-year-old man with degenerating schwannoma of sacrum and pelvis. CT scan of pelvis shows large soft-tissue mass arising from left anterior sacrum and displacing pelvic structures. Note central and peripheral fluid attenuation areas , corresponding to cystic cavities seen on sonogram."
5840	"Cross-sectional imaging of peripheral nerve sheath tumors: characteristic signs on CT, MR imaging, and sonography"	37-year-old man with degenerating schwannoma of sacrum and pelvis. Axial T2-weighted MR image shows pelvic lesion with cystic cavities and sacral origin as seen on CT scan.
5841	"Cross-sectional imaging of peripheral nerve sheath tumors: characteristic signs on CT, MR imaging, and sonography"	76-year-old man with ancient schwannoma of sacrum and pelvis. CT-guided biopsy was performed in left lateral decubitus position (image is rotated 90-degree counterclockwise) from posterior approach. Large presacral lesion originating from sacrum with extensive dystrophic calcifications primarily in peripheral pattern is shown. Note core biopsy needle with tip in sacral mass.
5842	"Cross-sectional imaging of peripheral nerve sheath tumors: characteristic signs on CT, MR imaging, and sonography"	"76-year-old man with ancient schwannoma of sacrum and pelvis. Proton density weighted fat-saturated MR image shows presacral lesion originating from sacrum and central cystic region with low-signal-intensity focus in non-dependent location, representing gas introduced at biopsy."
5843	"Cross-sectional imaging of peripheral nerve sheath tumors: characteristic signs on CT, MR imaging, and sonography"	"60-year-old man with malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor involving sciatic nerve. CT scan with IV contrast material and patient in prone position shows right posterior thigh lesion , which enhances heterogeneously, in sciatic nerve distribution. CT-guided biopsy was performed from posterior approach; note core biopsy needle introduced percutaneously."
5844	"Cross-sectional imaging of peripheral nerve sheath tumors: characteristic signs on CT, MR imaging, and sonography"	60-year-old man with malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor involving sciatic nerve. Axial T2-weighted fat-saturated MR image shows large lesion with marked heterogeneity and associated surrounding edema.
5845	"Cross-sectional imaging of peripheral nerve sheath tumors: characteristic signs on CT, MR imaging, and sonography"	60-year-old man with malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor involving sciatic nerve. Sagittal T1-weighted fat-saturated gadolinium-enhanced MR image shows fusiform posterior thigh lesion and heterogeneous contrast enhancement.
5846	"Cross-sectional imaging of peripheral nerve sheath tumors: characteristic signs on CT, MR imaging, and sonography"	35-year-old man with secondary malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor of right flank after radiation therapy for Wilms' tumor as child. Coronal fast spin-echo short tau inversion-recovery MR image reveals large lobulated high-signal-intensity mass in right flank superficially.
5847	"Cross-sectional imaging of peripheral nerve sheath tumors: characteristic signs on CT, MR imaging, and sonography"	35-year-old man with secondary malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor of right flank after radiation therapy for Wilms' tumor as child. Axial T1-weighted fat-saturated gadolinium-enhanced MR image reveals heterogeneous enhancement of lesion located primarily in subcutaneous tissues. Absence of right kidney was consistent with prior nephrectomy (not shown).
5848	"Cross-sectional imaging of peripheral nerve sheath tumors: characteristic signs on CT, MR imaging, and sonography"	"53-year-old man with malignant intraosseous peripheral nerve sheath tumor of tibia. (Reprinted with permission from [ ]) Anteroposterior radiograph shows large lobulated intraosseous lesion, which has extended into medial soft tissues."
5849	"Cross-sectional imaging of peripheral nerve sheath tumors: characteristic signs on CT, MR imaging, and sonography"	53-year-old man with malignant intraosseous peripheral nerve sheath tumor of tibia. (Reprinted with permission from [ ]) Sagittal gradient-recalled echo MR image shows intraosseous and soft-tissue components of lesion with homogeneous increased signal intensity.
5850	"Cross-sectional imaging of peripheral nerve sheath tumors: characteristic signs on CT, MR imaging, and sonography"	53-year-old man with malignant intraosseous peripheral nerve sheath tumor of tibia. (Reprinted with permission from [ ]) Gross pathologic specimen shows lesion extending superficially with possible infiltration into subcutaneous tissues.
5896	Disorders of the plantar aponeurosis: a spectrum of MR imaging findings	"Rheumatoid nodule in 45-year-old woman with rheumatoid arthritis and swelling over plantar aspect of calcaneus. (Courtesy of Eilenberg S, San Diego, CA) Unenhanced T1-weighted fast spin-echo MR image (TR/TE, 433/16) and enhanced T1-weighted fat-suppressed fast spin-echo MR image (466/17) show large lobulated soft-tissue mass of intermediate signal intensity located between skin and calcaneal tubercle. Note that underlying bone appears unremarkable."
5897	Disorders of the plantar aponeurosis: a spectrum of MR imaging findings	"Rheumatoid nodule in 45-year-old woman with rheumatoid arthritis and swelling over plantar aspect of calcaneus. (Courtesy of Eilenberg S, San Diego, CA) Unenhanced T1-weighted fast spin-echo MR image (TR/TE, 433/16) and enhanced T1-weighted fat-suppressed fast spin-echo MR image (466/17) show large lobulated soft-tissue mass of intermediate signal intensity located between skin and calcaneal tubercle. Note that underlying bone appears unremarkable."
5929	Trigeminal nerve anatomy: illustrated using examples of abnormalities	55-year-old man with squamous cell carcinoma of skin. Axial T2-weighted spin-echo MR image shows thickening of skin and subcutaneous tissue of right cheek and band of intermediate signal intensity extending along course of infraorbital nerve. High signal is noted in thickened mucosa of both maxillary sinuses.
5930	Trigeminal nerve anatomy: illustrated using examples of abnormalities	55-year-old man with squamous cell carcinoma of skin. Coronal T1-weighted spin-echo MR image after IV contrast injection shows spread of irregular enhancing mass along infraorbital nerve. Note normal mucosal enhancement in both maxillary sinuses.
5999	Toxic epidermal necrolysis after repeated injections of iohexol	33-year-old man with toxic epidermal necrolysis. Photograph shows patient's skin peeled off in sheets.
6117	Hepatic MR angiography: a multiobserver comparison of visualization methods	"54-year-old woman with ocular melanoma. Hepatic MR angiograms show aberrant vascular anatomy with replaced right hepatic artery. Maximum-intensity-projection image shows hepatic artery and superior mesenteric artery, but origin of hepatic artery is ambiguous."
6118	Hepatic MR angiography: a multiobserver comparison of visualization methods	54-year-old woman with ocular melanoma. Hepatic MR angiograms show aberrant vascular anatomy with replaced right hepatic artery. Targeted maximum-intensity-projection images show origin of right hepatic artery from superior mesenteric artery.
6119	Hepatic MR angiography: a multiobserver comparison of visualization methods	54-year-old woman with ocular melanoma. Hepatic MR angiograms show aberrant vascular anatomy with replaced right hepatic artery. Targeted maximum-intensity-projection images show origin of right hepatic artery from superior mesenteric artery.
6120	Hepatic MR angiography: a multiobserver comparison of visualization methods	"54-year-old woman with ocular melanoma. Hepatic MR angiograms show aberrant vascular anatomy with replaced right hepatic artery. Isointensity surface rendering shows origin of right hepatic artery from superior mesenteric artery, but image has distracting clutter."
6121	Hepatic MR angiography: a multiobserver comparison of visualization methods	54-year-old woman with ocular melanoma. Hepatic MR angiograms show aberrant vascular anatomy with replaced right hepatic artery. Connected isointensity surface rendering shows aberrant right hepatic artery with less clutter than isointensity surface.
6122	Hepatic MR angiography: a multiobserver comparison of visualization methods	54-year-old woman with ocular melanoma. Hepatic MR angiograms show aberrant vascular anatomy with replaced right hepatic artery. Skeletonized MR angiogram shows hepatic artery arising from superior mesenteric artery. Smaller branches are better visualized than with other techniques. Observers had higher confidence with skeletonized angiography than with other techniques.
6499	Focal abnormalities of the trachea and main bronchi	"Tracheal papilloma in 49-year-old woman with known laryngeal papillomas. CT scan (10-mm collimation) reveals 6-mm intratracheal nodule, consistent with tracheal papilloma."
6522	Diffuse abnormalities of the trachea and main bronchi	Tracheobronchial papillomatosis in 49-year-old woman with laryngeal papillomata. CT scan (10-mm collimation) reveals 6-mm intratracheal nodule consistent with tracheal papilloma. Tracheobronchial tree was diffusely studded with smaller papillomata.
6706	Pancreatic parenchymal metastases: observations on helical CT	50-year-old man with melanoma of scalp and pancreatic metastasis seen on serial imaging. Routine contrast-enhanced helical CT scan at level of pancreatic head reveals no abnormalities.
6707	Pancreatic parenchymal metastases: observations on helical CT	50-year-old man with melanoma of scalp and pancreatic metastasis seen on serial imaging. Follow-up contrast-enhanced helical CT scan at same level obtained 6 months after reveals mass in pancreatic head. Other CT scans (not shown) showed additional mesenteric and lymph node metastases.
6929	Making sense of mucin-producing pancreatic tumors	28-year-old woman with von Recklinghausen's disease who presented with complaints of abdominal pain related to pancreatitis. CT scan obtained through pancreatic body and tail reveals moderate dilatation of main pancreatic duct.
6930	Making sense of mucin-producing pancreatic tumors	"28-year-old woman with von Recklinghausen's disease who presented with complaints of abdominal pain related to pancreatitis. CT scan obtained slightly caudad to shows pancreatic duct dilatation coursing toward papilla. At surgery, periampullary adenoma was selectively obstructing pancreatic duct at ampulla."
7647	Artifacts and pitfalls in sonographic imaging of the breast	Inverted nipple mimics suspicious solid breast mass at sonography of 69-year-old woman. Sonogram shows that inverted nipple projects beneath skin surface with appearance of ill-defined markedly hypoechoic mass. Striking posterior acoustic attenuation is present because of dense connective tissue and smooth muscle bundles comprising nipple.
7654	Artifacts and pitfalls in sonographic imaging of the breast	Poor transducer skin contact mimics suspicious acoustic shadowing at sonography in normal breast of 39-year-old woman. Sonogram reveals marked acoustic shadowing (sh) that appears similar to invasive carcinomas shown in. Parallel echogenic lines between skin and superficial aspect of shadowing indicate poor contact between transducer and skin as cause of apparent lesion.
7655	Artifacts and pitfalls in sonographic imaging of the breast	Poor transducer skin contact mimics suspicious acoustic shadowing at sonography in normal breast of 39-year-old woman. Sonogram obtained after additional acoustic gel was applied to skin reveals that apparent lesion and parallel echogenic lines have resolved.
7768	Radiologic manifestations of granulocytic sarcoma in adult leukemia	49-year-old woman with acute myeloid leukemia relapse in bone marrow. Axial enhanced CT scan shows skin and lung nodules with irregularly thickened enhancing rims. Smaller lung nodules and infiltration of right pectoralis muscle (P) are also visible.
7812	Tuberculous epididymitis and epididymo-orchitis: sonographic appearances	"43-year-old man with tuberculosis epididymoorchitis (miliary pattern). Longitudinal sonogram of left hemiscrotum shows multiple small hypoechoic nodules in diffusely enlarged left testis (LT), with hydrocele and thickening of left scrotal skin."
7824	Tuberculous epididymitis and epididymo-orchitis: sonographic appearances	"17-year-old boy with mixed germ cell tumor. Longitudinal sonogram of left hemiscrotum shows circumscribed lobulated inhomogeneously hypoechoic mass within left testis. Epididymis and scrotal skin are normal. In patient with intratesticular mass, normal epididymis, and normal scrotal skin, inflammatory process is unlikely."
7825	Tuberculous epididymitis and epididymo-orchitis: sonographic appearances	"17-year-old boy with nontuberculosis epididymo-orchitis. Longitudinal sonogram of right hemiscrotum shows enlargement of right epididymis and testis with diffuse homogeneously hypoechoic echogenicity. Hydrocele is also present. Scrotal skin is thickened. Presence of associated epididymal enlargement and scrotal skin thickening are features of infection rather than tumor. Enlarged homogeneously hypoechoic epididymis and testis are more likely to indicate nontuberculosis epididymo-orchitis than tuberculosis epididymo-orchitis, in which epididymis is usually heterogeneously hypoechoic."
7826	Tuberculous epididymitis and epididymo-orchitis: sonographic appearances	17-year-old boy with nontuberculosis epididymo-orchitis. Longitudinal sonogram of left hemiscrotum shows normal left epididymis (E) and testis (T). Scrotal skin is also normal compared with right side.
7965	Contrast-enhanced helical CT of the head and neck: improved conspicuity of squamous cell carcinoma on delayed scans	71-year-old man with recurrent squamous cell carcinoma of skin. Early (30-sec delay) contrast-enhanced helical CT scan shows poor opacification of carcinoma.
7966	Contrast-enhanced helical CT of the head and neck: improved conspicuity of squamous cell carcinoma on delayed scans	71-year-old man with recurrent squamous cell carcinoma of skin. Delayed (300-sec delay) contrast-enhanced helical CT scan shows opacification of carcinoma better than.
8108	"Skin injuries from fluoroscopically guided procedures: part 1, characteristics of radiation injury"	"49-year-old woman with 8-year history of refractory supraventricular tachycardia. (Reprinted with permission from [ ]) Photographs show sharply demarcated erythema above right elbow at 3 weeks after radiofrequency cardiac catheter ablation , tissue necrosis 5 months after procedure , and deep ulceration with exposure of the humerus at 6.5 months."
8109	"Skin injuries from fluoroscopically guided procedures: part 1, characteristics of radiation injury"	"56-year-old man with obstructing lesion of right coronary artery. Photograph of right posterolateral chest wall at 10 weeks after percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty shows 12 x 6.5 cm hyperpigmented plaque with hyperkeratosis below right axilla ( , patient 2)."
8110	"Skin injuries from fluoroscopically guided procedures: part 1, characteristics of radiation injury"	"75-year-old woman with 90% stenosis of right coronary artery. Photograph of right lateral chest obtained 10 months after percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty shows area of hyper- and hypopigmentation, skin atrophy, and telangiectasia (poikiloderma) ( , patient 5)."
8111	"Skin injuries from fluoroscopically guided procedures: part 1, characteristics of radiation injury"	48-year-old woman with history of diabetes mellitus and severe coronary artery disease who underwent two percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasties and stent placements within a month. Photograph of left mid back 2 months after last procedure shows well-marginated focal erythema and desquamation. (Reprinted with permission from [ ])
8112	"Skin injuries from fluoroscopically guided procedures: part 1, characteristics of radiation injury"	69-year-old man with history of angina who underwent two angioplasties of left coronary artery within 30 hr. Photograph taken 1-2 months after last procedure shows secondary ulceration over left scapula. (Reprinted with permission from [ ])
8113	"Skin injuries from fluoroscopically guided procedures: part 1, characteristics of radiation injury"	"49-year-old woman with 8-year history of refractory supraventricular tachycardia. (Reprinted with permission from [ ]) Photographs show sharply demarcated erythema above right elbow at 3 weeks after radiofrequency cardiac catheter ablation , tissue necrosis 5 months after procedure , and deep ulceration with exposure of the humerus at 6.5 months."
8114	"Skin injuries from fluoroscopically guided procedures: part 1, characteristics of radiation injury"	"49-year-old woman with 8-year history of refractory supraventricular tachycardia. (Reprinted with permission from [ ]) Photographs show sharply demarcated erythema above right elbow at 3 weeks after radiofrequency cardiac catheter ablation , tissue necrosis 5 months after procedure , and deep ulceration with exposure of the humerus at 6.5 months."
8115	"Skin injuries from fluoroscopically guided procedures: part 1, characteristics of radiation injury"	"49-year-old man with history of liver cirrhosis and intractable upper gastrointestinal bleeding who underwent two transjugular intrahepatic portosystemic shunt (TIPS) placements and one attempted TIPS placement within a week. Photographs show progression of ulceration ( , patient 14). Nonhealing ulcer with exposure of deep tissues, including spinous process of vertebra, at 22 months."
8116	"Skin injuries from fluoroscopically guided procedures: part 1, characteristics of radiation injury"	"49-year-old man with history of liver cirrhosis and intractable upper gastrointestinal bleeding who underwent two transjugular intrahepatic portosystemic shunt (TIPS) placements and one attempted TIPS placement within a week. Photographs show progression of ulceration ( , patient 14). Secondary ulceration with surrounding rings of de- and hyperpigmentation 6 months later."
8117	"Skin injuries from fluoroscopically guided procedures: part 1, characteristics of radiation injury"	"49-year-old man with history of liver cirrhosis and intractable upper gastrointestinal bleeding who underwent two transjugular intrahepatic portosystemic shunt (TIPS) placements and one attempted TIPS placement within a week. Photographs show progression of ulceration ( , patient 14). Small blisters developed at 7.5 months after procedure. Wound is very painful."
8118	"Skin injuries from fluoroscopically guided procedures: part 1, characteristics of radiation injury"	"49-year-old man with history of liver cirrhosis and intractable upper gastrointestinal bleeding who underwent two transjugular intrahepatic portosystemic shunt (TIPS) placements and one attempted TIPS placement within a week. Photographs show progression of ulceration ( , patient 14). Wound has progressed in size and depth at 10 months."
8119	"Skin injuries from fluoroscopically guided procedures: part 1, characteristics of radiation injury"	"49-year-old man with history of liver cirrhosis and intractable upper gastrointestinal bleeding who underwent two transjugular intrahepatic portosystemic shunt (TIPS) placements and one attempted TIPS placement within a week. Photographs show progression of ulceration ( , patient 14). At 23 months, musculocutaneous skin grafting was performed. Disfigurement is permanent."
8120	"Skin injuries from fluoroscopically guided procedures: part 1, characteristics of radiation injury"	"54-year-old man with stenosis of left circumflex artery. Photograph of right shoulder at 5.5 months after percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasty shows area of depigmentation and atrophy ( , patient 1). Injury progressed to deep ulceration, requiring skin grafting."
8121	"Skin injuries from fluoroscopically guided procedures: part 1, characteristics of radiation injury"	17-year-old girl with history of cardiac arrhythmia underwent two cardiac ablation procedures in 13 months. Photograph taken 2 years after last intervention shows atrophic indurated plaque with skin telangiectasia at right lateral chest wall involving posterolateral aspect of breast. Induration resulted in limited movement of right arm. Risk of breast cancer is increased. (Reprinted with permission from [ ])
8122	"Skin injuries from fluoroscopically guided procedures: part 1, characteristics of radiation injury"	69-year-old man with history of angina who underwent three coronary angiograms followed by three angioplasties within 8 months. Photograph 3 years after last procedure shows skin necrosis with surrounding erythema and hyperpigmentation in right subscapular region. (Reprinted with permission from [ ])
8123	"Skin injuries from fluoroscopically guided procedures: part 2, review of 73 cases and recommendations for minimizing dose delivered to patient"	17-year-old girl with history of cardiac arrhythmia who underwent two cardiac ablation procedures within 13 months. Photograph taken 2 years after last intervention shows atrophic indurated plaque at right lateral chest wall involving posterolateral aspect of right breast. Induration resulted in limited movement of her right arm. Long-term risk of breast cancer is increased. (Reprinted with permission from [ ])
8124	"Skin injuries from fluoroscopically guided procedures: part 2, review of 73 cases and recommendations for minimizing dose delivered to patient"	"57-year-old man with coronary artery disease involving left circumflex artery who underwent several percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasties with stent placements and rotational atherectomy that used 172 min of fluoroscopy. Five months later, similar procedure was performed for left anterior descending artery, involving 73 min of fluoroscopy and more than 2000 frames of cine. Both procedures were performed in steep beam angulation ( , patient 8). Photograph 1 year after last procedure shows ulcer formation below right scapula (possibly a result of biopsy). Lower lesion (erythema) seen at right mid back resulted from second intervention. At time of second intervention, cause of first erythematous lesion was not recognized."
8125	"Skin injuries from fluoroscopically guided procedures: part 2, review of 73 cases and recommendations for minimizing dose delivered to patient"	"57-year-old man with coronary artery disease involving left circumflex artery who underwent several percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasties with stent placements and rotational atherectomy that used 172 min of fluoroscopy. Five months later, similar procedure was performed for left anterior descending artery, involving 73 min of fluoroscopy and more than 2000 frames of cine. Both procedures were performed in steep beam angulation ( , patient 8). Photograph taken 2 years after last procedure. Lesion was very painful throughout its course and required skin grafting."
8126	"Skin injuries from fluoroscopically guided procedures: part 2, review of 73 cases and recommendations for minimizing dose delivered to patient"	"62-year-old man weighing 160 kg (350 lb) with history of angina, congestive heart failure, and diabetes mellitus (type II). Patient underwent coronary angioplasty and stent placement of left anterior descending artery and ostium of left coronary artery. Fluoroscopy time was recorded at 50 min during 2.5-hr procedure. Photograph approximately 7 months later shows full-thickness radiation injury measuring 15 cm (6 inches) in diameter on patient's mid back. Patient underwent skin grafting 8 months after procedure. Because of partial failure of first graft, lesion was regrafted 1 month later ( , patient 11)."
8127	"Skin injuries from fluoroscopically guided procedures: part 2, review of 73 cases and recommendations for minimizing dose delivered to patient"	69-year-old man with history of angina who underwent two angioplasties of left coronary artery within 30 hr. Photograph taken 1-2 months after last procedure shows secondary ulceration over left scapula in area where two radiographic fields overlap. (Reprinted with permission from [ ])
8128	"Skin injuries from fluoroscopically guided procedures: part 2, review of 73 cases and recommendations for minimizing dose delivered to patient"	69-year-old man with history of angina who underwent two angioplasties of left coronary artery within 30 hr. Diagram shows region of overlap of two fields. Curved outline of fields results from projection of rectangular X-ray field onto curved surface of patient's back.
8129	"Skin injuries from fluoroscopically guided procedures: part 2, review of 73 cases and recommendations for minimizing dose delivered to patient"	"69-year-old man with coronary artery disease involving left anterior descending and right coronary arteries. Two percutaneous transluminal coronary angioplasties and one diagnostic angiography examination were performed with 100 min of fluoroscopy at highest magnification. Patient developed pronounced erythema at 3 weeks that progressed to moist skin desquamation. Area of deep ulceration was present at 3 months. Photograph shows lesion that did not heal over course of 17 months. Elliptic shape of lesion is caused by two sequential procedures that used nearly the same tube position ( , patient 9)."
8130	Radiation-induced skin injuries and fluoroscopy	"Headline and photograph accompanying article published in USA Today [ ] reporting jury award of $1 million to 57-year-old man who sustained serious skin injury after two coronary artery angioplasties that occurred 5 months apart. Patient filed medical malpractice law-suit alleging use of excessive fluoroscopy. (Reprinted with permission from Cohn J, Pttsburgh, PA)"
8671	Intraoperative sonography of the biliary system	56-year-old man with melanoma of gallbladder (GB). Intraoperative sonogram obtained using linear transducer shows mass arising from fundus of gallbladder. Note near-field artifacts and shadowing that tends to obscure lesion. Asterisk = tumor.
9167	MR colonography without colonic cleansing: a new strategy to improve patient acceptance	Coronal source MR image of three-dimensional gradient-echo set collected after administration of barium sulfate enema and 75 sec after completion of IV administration of gadobenate dimeglumine (0.2 mmol/kg) in healthy 29-year-old male volunteer who had not undergone fecal tagging. Bright stool in transverse colon in untagged volunteer is of similar signal intensity to that of enhancing colonic wall. Enhancing lesions protruding into colonic lumen cannot be excluded.
9168	MR colonography without colonic cleansing: a new strategy to improve patient acceptance	"MR image of healthy 31-year-old male volunteer after fecal tagging protocol. Coronal source image of three-dimensional gradient-echo data set shows that after fecal tagging colonic lumen is homogeneously dark, whereas stool is sufficiently dark to blend into administered barium enema."
9169	MR colonography without colonic cleansing: a new strategy to improve patient acceptance	MR image of healthy 31-year-old male volunteer after fecal tagging protocol. Virtual endoscopic rendering shows that contrast between dark lumen and brightly enhancing colonic wall is sufficient to allow this form of endoscopic rendering. Arrow marks direction of virtual fly through.
9473	Mammographic findings of diffuse amyloidosis and carcinoma of the breast	83-year-old woman with systemic amyloidosis. Right mediolateral oblique mammogram shows extremely dense breast tissue and irregular mass in lower hemisphere. Skin thickening was visible with bright light.
9474	Mammographic findings of diffuse amyloidosis and carcinoma of the breast	83-year-old woman with systemic amyloidosis. Left mediolateral oblique mammogram shows extremely dense breast. Skin thickening was visible with bright light.
9544	Gastrointestinal hemangiomas: imaging findings with pathologic correlation in pediatric and adult patients	"62-year-old man with capillary hemangioma. Photomicrograph of resected small intestinal hemangioma shows pedunculated polyp arising from submucosa. Surface erosion of overlying mucosa covering polyp has occurred, and focus of hemorrhage within polyp is visible. (H and E, x 4)"
9545	Gastrointestinal hemangiomas: imaging findings with pathologic correlation in pediatric and adult patients	"62-year-old man with capillary hemangioma. Photomicrograph at greater magnification than shows numerous thin-walled capillaries lined with endothelial cells. Capillaries are separated by stromal edema. (H and E, x 80)"
9553	Gastrointestinal hemangiomas: imaging findings with pathologic correlation in pediatric and adult patients	62-year-old man with iron deficiency anemia due to polypoid intraluminal small-bowel capillary hemangioma. Enteroclysis examination reveals 3-cm polypoid mass in jejunum.
9554	Gastrointestinal hemangiomas: imaging findings with pathologic correlation in pediatric and adult patients	62-year-old man with iron deficiency anemia due to polypoid intraluminal small-bowel capillary hemangioma. Photograph of resected specimen shows 3-cm polypoid mass in lumen of jejunum.
10027	MR imaging of maternal diseases in pregnancy	"Hydatidiform mole in 53-year-old woman. Sagittal T2-weighted fast spin-echo image (TR/TE, 3000/90) shows intrauterine mass representing molar tissue. There is markedly increased signal intensity because of its predominantly cystic components. Junctional zone is preserved."
10028	MR imaging of maternal diseases in pregnancy	Hydatidiform mole in 53-year-old woman. Sagittal enhanced T1-weighted fat-suppressed fast spin-echo image (552/14) shows bunch of grapes appearance within distended endometrial cavity.
10029	MR imaging of maternal diseases in pregnancy	"Invasive mole in 48-year-old woman. Axial T1-weighted spin-echo image (TR/TE, 566/11) shows ill-defined heterogeneous mass in uterus with large areas of hyperintensity."
10030	MR imaging of maternal diseases in pregnancy	Invasive mole in 48-year-old woman. Axial T2-weighted spin-echo image (2200/80) reveals that endometrial cavity is filled with hyperintense molar tissue.
10031	MR imaging of maternal diseases in pregnancy	Invasive mole in 48-year-old woman. Enhanced T1-weighted spin-echo image (556/11) shows invasive enhancing tissue to myometrium with large area of necrosis. There are markedly increased parametrial and uterine vascularities.
10446	Symptomatic dysrhythmia caused by a posterior mediastinal angiomyolipoma	"Gross and histopathologic findings of excised fatty posterior mediastinal mass in 35-year-old woman. Photomicrographs of histologic specimens with immunohistochemical staining show positivity of spindle cells for smooth-muscle markers , confirming muscle differentiation. These findings are diagnostic of posterior mediastinal angiomyolipoma. (HHF-35 stain, [muscle common actin] x 40 [ ] and HMB-45, [human melanoma, black-45] x 40 [ ])"
10447	Symptomatic dysrhythmia caused by a posterior mediastinal angiomyolipoma	"Gross and histopathologic findings of excised fatty posterior mediastinal mass in 35-year-old woman. Photomicrographs of histologic specimens with immunohistochemical staining show positivity of spindle cells for smooth-muscle markers , confirming muscle differentiation. These findings are diagnostic of posterior mediastinal angiomyolipoma. (HHF-35 stain, [muscle common actin] x 40 [ ] and HMB-45, [human melanoma, black-45] x 40 [ ])"
10588	Nonenhancing tissue on MR imaging of pedal infection: characterization of necrotic tissue and associated limitations for diagnosis of osteomyelitis and abscess	"Region-of-interest measurements of relative signal increase on contrast-enhanced versus unenhanced MR images in 60-year-old man with gangrene of distal lateral forefoot. Coronal (transverse to long axis of foot) unenhanced fat-suppressed fast multiplanar spoiled gradient-recalled echo (FMPSPGR) image (TR/TE, 250/2.1; flip angle, 90-degree) of left forefoot indicates signal intensity measurements dorsally and on lateral forefoot. Note skin ulcer dorsally to second metatarsal shaft."
10597	Nonenhancing tissue on MR imaging of pedal infection: characterization of necrotic tissue and associated limitations for diagnosis of osteomyelitis and abscess	"Pathologically proven osteomyelitis of fifth proximal phalanx in 60-year-old diabetic man with gangrene of fifth toe and distal lateral forefoot. Coronal (transverse to long axis of foot) T1-weighted unenhanced MR image (TR/TE, 700/9) of forefoot shows patchy marrow signal in fifth proximal phalanx. Ulcer on lateral forefoot is seen as interruption of skin surface. Note small gas inclusions extending from ulcer to lateral aspect of proximal phalanx."
10813	Using lymphoscintigraphy to evaluate suspected lymphedema of the extremities	"66-year-old man with history of swelling in left arm after removal of left forearm melanoma and left axillary lymph node dissection. Lymphoscintigram of arms obtained 50 min after injection of radionuclide shows rapid lymphatic drainage of both forearms but decreased number of left axillary lymph nodes and multiple focal collections in left upper arm, consistent with dilated lymphatics. Findings are consistent with left axillary level obstruction from previous lymph node dissection. H = level of hands, E = level of elbows, A = level of axillae, RT = right side, LT = left side."
10908	Granulocytic sarcoma (chloroma): imaging findings in adults and children	"41-year-old woman with history of acute myeloblastic leukemia associated with abnormal eosinophils who presented with palpable mass in left breast. (Reprinted with permission from [ ]) Left lateral mammogram discloses dense, rounded, and spiculated mass of 3-cm diameter with irregular margins and skin retraction."
10910	Granulocytic sarcoma (chloroma): imaging findings in adults and children	41-year-old woman with history of acute myeloblastic leukemia associated with abnormal eosinophils who presented with palpable mass in left breast. (Reprinted with permission from [ ]) CT scan of thorax obtained 3 days after shows spiculated mass that contains small foci of necrosis. Skin wall is thickened.
10911	Granulocytic sarcoma (chloroma): imaging findings in adults and children	"41-year-old woman with history of acute myeloblastic leukemia associated with abnormal eosinophils who presented with palpable mass in left breast. (Reprinted with permission from [ ]) On sagittal MR imaging, mass is inhomogeneous and hyperintense on STIR image , hypointense on T1-weighted image. Mass enhances markedly but inhomogeneously after gadolinium administration and fat saturation. Mass spiculations and skin thickening also can be seen. Fine-needle breast biopsy revealed granulocytic sarcoma. Patient received two courses of chemotherapy. Five weeks later, mass was no longer palpable."
10912	Granulocytic sarcoma (chloroma): imaging findings in adults and children	"41-year-old woman with history of acute myeloblastic leukemia associated with abnormal eosinophils who presented with palpable mass in left breast. (Reprinted with permission from [ ]) On sagittal MR imaging, mass is inhomogeneous and hyperintense on STIR image , hypointense on T1-weighted image. Mass enhances markedly but inhomogeneously after gadolinium administration and fat saturation. Mass spiculations and skin thickening also can be seen. Fine-needle breast biopsy revealed granulocytic sarcoma. Patient received two courses of chemotherapy. Five weeks later, mass was no longer palpable."
10913	Granulocytic sarcoma (chloroma): imaging findings in adults and children	"41-year-old woman with history of acute myeloblastic leukemia associated with abnormal eosinophils who presented with palpable mass in left breast. (Reprinted with permission from [ ]) On sagittal MR imaging, mass is inhomogeneous and hyperintense on STIR image , hypointense on T1-weighted image. Mass enhances markedly but inhomogeneously after gadolinium administration and fat saturation. Mass spiculations and skin thickening also can be seen. Fine-needle breast biopsy revealed granulocytic sarcoma. Patient received two courses of chemotherapy. Five weeks later, mass was no longer palpable."
10994	Intraportal venous flow distribution: evaluation with single breath-hold ECG-triggered three-dimensional half-Fourier fast spin-echo MR imaging and a selective inversion-recovery tagging pulse	39-year-old healthy man who underwent unenhanced MR angiography of portal venous system performed with regular breath-hold ECG-triggered three-dimensional half-Fourier fast spin-echo sequence with no tagging pulse. Placement of selective inversion-recovery tagging pulse on maximum-intensity-projection image was obtained with regular three-dimensional fast spin-echo sequence. Selective inversion-recovery tagging pulse (TAG-A) is placed on superior mesenteric vein to suppress inflow blood signal into portal vein.
10995	Intraportal venous flow distribution: evaluation with single breath-hold ECG-triggered three-dimensional half-Fourier fast spin-echo MR imaging and a selective inversion-recovery tagging pulse	39-year-old healthy man who underwent unenhanced MR angiography of portal venous system performed with regular breath-hold ECG-triggered three-dimensional half-Fourier fast spin-echo sequence with no tagging pulse. Placement of selective inversion-recovery tagging pulse on maximum-intensity-projection image was obtained with regular three-dimensional fast spin-echo sequence. Selective inversion-recovery tagging pulse (TAG-B) is placed on splenic vein to suppress inflow blood signal into portal vein.
10996	Intraportal venous flow distribution: evaluation with single breath-hold ECG-triggered three-dimensional half-Fourier fast spin-echo MR imaging and a selective inversion-recovery tagging pulse	39-year-old healthy man who underwent unenhanced MR angiography of portal venous system performed with regular breath-hold ECG-triggered three-dimensional half-Fourier fast spin-echo sequence with no tagging pulse. Placement of selective inversion-recovery tagging pulse on maximum-intensity-projection image was obtained with regular three-dimensional fast spin-echo sequence. Selective inversion-recovery tagging pulse (TAG-C) is placed on both superior mesenteric and splenic veins to suppress inflow blood signal into portal vein.
10997	Intraportal venous flow distribution: evaluation with single breath-hold ECG-triggered three-dimensional half-Fourier fast spin-echo MR imaging and a selective inversion-recovery tagging pulse	"39-year-old healthy man who underwent unenhanced MR angiography of portal venous system performed with regular breath-hold ECG-triggered three-dimensional half-Fourier fast spin-echo sequence with no tagging pulse (same subject as in Fig. , , ). Maximum-intensity-projection image shows main portal vein, first-order intrahepatic portal veins, superior mesenteric vein, and splenic vein with high signal intensity."
10998	Intraportal venous flow distribution: evaluation with single breath-hold ECG-triggered three-dimensional half-Fourier fast spin-echo MR imaging and a selective inversion-recovery tagging pulse	"39-year-old healthy man who underwent unenhanced MR angiography of portal venous system performed with regular breath-hold ECG-triggered three-dimensional half-Fourier fast spin-echo sequence with no tagging pulse (same subject as in Fig. , , ). Source image shows right portal vein and main portal vein."
10999	Intraportal venous flow distribution: evaluation with single breath-hold ECG-triggered three-dimensional half-Fourier fast spin-echo MR imaging and a selective inversion-recovery tagging pulse	"39-year-old healthy man who underwent unenhanced MR angiography performed with breath-hold ECG-triggered three-dimensional half-Fourier fast spin-echo sequence using selective inversion-recovery tagging pulse (TAG-A) to suppress signal flow from superior mesenteric vein into portal vein (same subject as Fig. , , ). Maximum-intensity-projection image shows signal reduction on right half of main portal vein. Compare with."
11000	Intraportal venous flow distribution: evaluation with single breath-hold ECG-triggered three-dimensional half-Fourier fast spin-echo MR imaging and a selective inversion-recovery tagging pulse	"39-year-old healthy man who underwent unenhanced MR angiography performed with breath-hold ECG-triggered three-dimensional half-Fourier fast spin-echo sequence using selective inversion-recovery tagging pulse (TAG-A) to suppress signal flow from superior mesenteric vein into portal vein (same subject as Fig. , , ). On source image, signal loss is clearly observed on right half of main portal and right portal veins. Compare with."
11001	Intraportal venous flow distribution: evaluation with single breath-hold ECG-triggered three-dimensional half-Fourier fast spin-echo MR imaging and a selective inversion-recovery tagging pulse	"39-year-old healthy man who underwent unenhanced MR angiography performed with breath-hold ECG-triggered three-dimensional half-Fourier fast spin-echo sequence using selective inversion-recovery tagging pulse (TAG-B) to suppress signal flow from splenic vein into portal vein (same subject as in Fig. , , ). Maximum-intensity-projection image shows signal reduction on left half of main portal vein. Compare with."
11002	Intraportal venous flow distribution: evaluation with single breath-hold ECG-triggered three-dimensional half-Fourier fast spin-echo MR imaging and a selective inversion-recovery tagging pulse	"39-year-old healthy man who underwent unenhanced MR angiography performed with breath-hold ECG-triggered three-dimensional half-Fourier fast spin-echo sequence using selective inversion-recovery tagging pulse (TAG-B) to suppress signal flow from splenic vein into portal vein (same subject as in Fig. , , ). On source image, signal loss is clearly observed on left half of main portal and right portal veins. Compare with."
11003	Intraportal venous flow distribution: evaluation with single breath-hold ECG-triggered three-dimensional half-Fourier fast spin-echo MR imaging and a selective inversion-recovery tagging pulse	"39-year-old healthy man who underwent unenhanced MR angiography performed with breath-hold ECG-triggered three-dimensional half-Fourier fast spin-echo sequence using selective inversion-recovery tagging pulse (TAG-C) to suppress signal flow from both superior mesenteric and splenic veins into portal vein (same subject as in Fig. , , ). Maximum-intensity-projection image shows entire signal reduction in main portal vein. Compare with."
11004	Intraportal venous flow distribution: evaluation with single breath-hold ECG-triggered three-dimensional half-Fourier fast spin-echo MR imaging and a selective inversion-recovery tagging pulse	"39-year-old healthy man who underwent unenhanced MR angiography performed with breath-hold ECG-triggered three-dimensional half-Fourier fast spin-echo sequence using selective inversion-recovery tagging pulse (TAG-C) to suppress signal flow from both superior mesenteric and splenic veins into portal vein (same subject as in Fig. , , ). On source image, entire signal loss is clearly observed in main portal and right portal veins. Compare with."
11123	Reduced-dose digital mammography of skin calcifications	54-year-old woman with dermal calcifications. Horizontal lines represent 1 cm. Magnified oblique mammogram of microcalcification cluster shows whole cluster as triangular and therefore cluster cannot be classified as benign.
11124	Reduced-dose digital mammography of skin calcifications	"54-year-old woman with dermal calcifications. Horizontal lines represent 1 cm. Magnified craniocaudal mammogram of microcalcification cluster shows individual calcifications as round, indicating benign calcifications."
11125	Reduced-dose digital mammography of skin calcifications	54-year-old woman with dermal calcifications. Horizontal lines represent 1 cm. Magnified localizer mammogram obtained at half dose shows microcalcifications.
11126	Reduced-dose digital mammography of skin calcifications	54-year-old woman with dermal calcifications. Horizontal lines represent 1 cm. Tangential view of microcalcifications reveals their intracutaneous location.
11314	Is soft-tissue inflammation in pedal infection contained by fascial planes? MR analysis of compartmental involvement in 115 feet	"64-year-old man with diabetes mellitus and extensive infection of heel without evidence of inflammatory spread into neighboring compartments. Sagittal T1-weighted spin-echo MR image (TR/TE, 433/8) of hindfoot with large skin ulceration and overlying dressing."
11696	Skin injury after radiofrequency ablation for hepatic cancer	"59-year-old man with unresectable multiple hepatocellular carcinomas. Real-time CT fluoroscopic image shows needle tip for radiofrequency ablation advanced into hepatocellular carcinoma lesion. Radiopaque iodized oil , infused at time of prior transcatheter hepatic arterial chemoembolization, can be seen."
11697	Skin injury after radiofrequency ablation for hepatic cancer	"59-year-old man with unresectable multiple hepatocellular carcinomas. Photograph shows skin burn , which occurred during procedure, in right lateral upper abdominal wall around point of insertion of needle for ablation."
11698	Skin injury after radiofrequency ablation for hepatic cancer	59-year-old man with unresectable multiple hepatocellular carcinomas. Photograph of ablation needle after removal from patient shows insulating coating is peeled off exactly at position where needle was held by surgical forceps during procedure.
11751	Dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans: MR imaging features	"43-year-old woman with 8-cm mass involving lateral aspect of right thigh. Tumor had grown gradually over many years. Coronal T1-weighted MR image (TR/TE, 550/16) shows 8-cm mass of low signal intensity that involves vastus lateralis, rectus femoris, and lateral part of vastus intermedius."
11752	Dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans: MR imaging features	"43-year-old woman with 8-cm mass involving lateral aspect of right thigh. Tumor had grown gradually over many years. Axial fast spin-echo T2-weighted MR image (TR/TEeff, 4,000/80) shows mass to have heterogeneous areas of both intermediate and high signal intensities."
11753	Dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans: MR imaging features	"35-year-old man with unusually deep dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans. Coronal T1-weighted spin-echo MR image (TR/TE, 800/16) shows 4-cm well-defined mass of slightly higher signal to muscle deep in right chest wall protruding between ribs."
11754	Dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans: MR imaging features	"35-year-old man with unusually deep dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans. Coronal short tau inversion recovery image (2,000/16; inversion time, 150 msec) shows mass of uniform high signal."
11755	Dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans: MR imaging features	"44-year-old man with recurrent dermatofibrosarcoma of shoulder. Sagittal T1-weighted spin-echo image (TR/TE, 800/24) shows 3.5-cm mass at site of previous resection. Mass is of slightly higher signal than that of adjacent muscle and protrudes through skin."
11756	Dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans: MR imaging features	"44-year-old man with recurrent dermatofibrosarcoma of shoulder. Axial short tau inversion recovery image (4,000/32; inversion time, 150 msec) shows mass of uniform high signal."
11757	Dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans: MR imaging features	"39-year-old woman with anteriorly located superficial mass in thigh. Axial T1-weighted image (TR/TE, 800/18) shows 4.5-cm well-defined mass of uniform signal, similar to that of adjacent muscle. Note two small satellite lesions."
11758	Dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans: MR imaging features	"39-year-old woman with anteriorly located superficial mass in thigh. Axial fast spin-echo T2-weighted image (TR/TEeff, 6,000/84) shows principal lesion of intermediate signal, similar to that in adjacent fat."
11759	Dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans: MR imaging features	"45-year-old man with recurrent dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans of superficial portion of back. Axial T1-weighted image (TR/TE, 800/16) shows 2.5-cm mass of uniform signal, similar to that in adjacent muscle."
11760	Dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans: MR imaging features	45-year-old man with recurrent dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans of superficial portion of back. Axial T1-weighted image (800/16) after gadolinium infusion shows patchy central enhancement of mass.
11761	Dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans: MR imaging features	"45-year-old man with recurrent dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans of superficial portion of back. Axial short tau inversion recovery sequence (2,000/16; inversion time, 150 msec) shows well-defined mass of high signal."
11792	Cardiac systolic rotation and contraction before and after valve replacement for aortic stenosis: a myocardial tagging study using MR imaging	59-year-old healthy male volunteer. Tagged MR image obtained in left ventricular apical short-axis view obtained in end-diastole.
11793	Cardiac systolic rotation and contraction before and after valve replacement for aortic stenosis: a myocardial tagging study using MR imaging	59-year-old healthy male volunteer. Tagged MR image obtained at same level as in end-systole.
11794	Cardiac systolic rotation and contraction before and after valve replacement for aortic stenosis: a myocardial tagging study using MR imaging	"59-year-old healthy male volunteer. Postprocessed image shows tag intersection movement from end-diastole to end-systole with recalculation of centroid (+) for each image. Analysis of rotation and contraction calculated by subtraction of angle or radius, respectively, at end-diastole and end-systole reveals counterclockwise rotation of 6.9-degree and radial contraction of 5.1 mm. Mean circumferential shortening calculated from percentual difference between end-diastolic and end-systolic circumference of four segments (boundaries marked by [UNK]) is 25.8%."
11795	Cardiac systolic rotation and contraction before and after valve replacement for aortic stenosis: a myocardial tagging study using MR imaging	75-year-old man with aortic stenosis. End-systolic tagged MR image obtained in left ventricular apical short-axis view before surgical valve replacement.
11796	Cardiac systolic rotation and contraction before and after valve replacement for aortic stenosis: a myocardial tagging study using MR imaging	"75-year-old man with aortic stenosis. Postprocessed image of tag intersection movement from end-diastole to end-systole with recalculation of centroid (+) for each image reveals increase of counter-clockwise rotation to 23.8-degree and decrease of radial contraction and of circumferential shortening to 2.6 mm and 18.8%, respectively, before surgical valve replacement and movement of centroid toward left side of image."
11797	Cardiac systolic rotation and contraction before and after valve replacement for aortic stenosis: a myocardial tagging study using MR imaging	75-year-old man with aortic stenosis. End-systolic tagged MR image obtained at same level as and 3 months after surgical valve replacement.
11798	Cardiac systolic rotation and contraction before and after valve replacement for aortic stenosis: a myocardial tagging study using MR imaging	"75-year-old man with aortic stenosis. Postprocessed image of tag intersection movement shows that counterclockwise rotation is reduced to 16.7-degree; radial contraction and circumferential shortening are increased to 4.7 mm and 23.3%, respectively; and movement of centroid remains unchanged."
11844	CT screening for lung cancer: frequency and significance of part-solid and nonsolid nodules	High-resolution CT scan reveals part-solid nodule with spiculations and pleural tag that proved to be adenocarcinoma in 75-year-old woman.
12154	Preoperative MR imaging-guided needle localization of breast lesions	"70-year-old woman recently diagnosed with cancer of left breast in whom MR imaging showed mammographically occult lesion in right breast. Needle artifact is shown at level of grid and through lesion. Note that needle guide is not visualized on any of the MR images. Actual grid itself is not visualized; however, cross-hatchings of grid are seen because of pressure indentation on skin. Histologic analysis revealed infiltrating ductal carcinoma and ductal carcinoma in situ."
12155	Preoperative MR imaging-guided needle localization of breast lesions	"70-year-old woman recently diagnosed with cancer of left breast in whom MR imaging showed mammographically occult lesion in right breast. Needle artifact is shown at level of grid and through lesion. Note that needle guide is not visualized on any of the MR images. Actual grid itself is not visualized; however, cross-hatchings of grid are seen because of pressure indentation on skin. Histologic analysis revealed infiltrating ductal carcinoma and ductal carcinoma in situ."
12684	Prognostic value of angiogenesis evaluated with high-frequency and color Doppler sonography for preoperative assessment of melanomas	67-year-old man with melanoma. High-frequency sonogram shows tumor measuring 2.55 mm in thickness (2.2 mm on Breslow index [ ]).
12686	Prognostic value of angiogenesis evaluated with high-frequency and color Doppler sonography for preoperative assessment of melanomas	43-year-old woman with poorly vascularized melanoma. Color Doppler sonograms reveals poor vascularization (only one vessel). Tumor measured 2.51 mm in thickness on high-frequency sonographic scan (2.1 mm on Breslow index [ ]).
12687	Prognostic value of angiogenesis evaluated with high-frequency and color Doppler sonography for preoperative assessment of melanomas	43-year-old man with vascularized melanoma who subsequently developed metastases. Color Doppler sonogram reveals abundant vascularization ( one vessel). Tumor measured 3.85 mm in thickness on Breslow index [ ].
12808	Incremental benefit of maximum-intensity-projection images on observer detection of small pulmonary nodules revealed by multidetector CT	Nodules depicted on multiple axial images summed onto single maximum-intensity-projection (MIP) image in 48-year-old man with melanoma. 3.75-mm axial CT images show left medial nodule to greatest advantage on. This nodule was overlooked by multiple reviewers.
12809	Incremental benefit of maximum-intensity-projection images on observer detection of small pulmonary nodules revealed by multidetector CT	Nodules depicted on multiple axial images summed onto single maximum-intensity-projection (MIP) image in 48-year-old man with melanoma. 3.75-mm axial CT images show left medial nodule to greatest advantage on. This nodule was overlooked by multiple reviewers.
12810	Incremental benefit of maximum-intensity-projection images on observer detection of small pulmonary nodules revealed by multidetector CT	"Nodules depicted on multiple axial images summed onto single maximum-intensity-projection (MIP) image in 48-year-old man with melanoma. 3.75-mm axial CT images obtained slightly more inferiorly to and show second nodule more clearly on. This nodule was missed by several reviewers, including some observers who had missed other lesion in and."
12811	Incremental benefit of maximum-intensity-projection images on observer detection of small pulmonary nodules revealed by multidetector CT	"Nodules depicted on multiple axial images summed onto single maximum-intensity-projection (MIP) image in 48-year-old man with melanoma. 3.75-mm axial CT images obtained slightly more inferiorly to and show second nodule more clearly on. This nodule was missed by several reviewers, including some observers who had missed other lesion in and."
12812	Incremental benefit of maximum-intensity-projection images on observer detection of small pulmonary nodules revealed by multidetector CT	Nodules depicted on multiple axial images summed onto single maximum-intensity-projection (MIP) image in 48-year-old man with melanoma. 10-mm axial MIP slab clearly shows both nodules superimposed on same image. All reviewers readily identified both.
12813	Incremental benefit of maximum-intensity-projection images on observer detection of small pulmonary nodules revealed by multidetector CT	"Missed nodule in azygoesophageal recess in 42-year-old man with melanoma. Magnified views of axial 3.75-mm images show nodule in right lower lobe in area known as azygoesophageal recess. This nodule is of similar caliber to adjacent vessels, which appear nodular in areas on these thinly collimated images."
12814	Incremental benefit of maximum-intensity-projection images on observer detection of small pulmonary nodules revealed by multidetector CT	"Missed nodule in azygoesophageal recess in 42-year-old man with melanoma. Magnified views of axial 3.75-mm images show nodule in right lower lobe in area known as azygoesophageal recess. This nodule is of similar caliber to adjacent vessels, which appear nodular in areas on these thinly collimated images."
12815	Incremental benefit of maximum-intensity-projection images on observer detection of small pulmonary nodules revealed by multidetector CT	Missed nodule in azygoesophageal recess in 42-year-old man with melanoma. Contiguous magnified axial CT images from and in right lower lobe are of 3.75-mm collimation reconstructed at 3-mm intervals. Nodule is revealed clearly on but was missed by all observers.
12816	Incremental benefit of maximum-intensity-projection images on observer detection of small pulmonary nodules revealed by multidetector CT	Missed nodule in azygoesophageal recess in 42-year-old man with melanoma. Contiguous magnified axial CT images from and in right lower lobe are of 3.75-mm collimation reconstructed at 3-mm intervals. Nodule is revealed clearly on but was missed by all observers.
12817	Incremental benefit of maximum-intensity-projection images on observer detection of small pulmonary nodules revealed by multidetector CT	Missed nodule in azygoesophageal recess in 42-year-old man with melanoma. Contiguous axial 10-mm maximum-intensity-projection (MIP) slabs reconstructed at 8-mm intervals show that nodule is clearly not vascular structure. Nodule was detected by four of five reviewers on MIP images. Poorly marginated nodular density in represents ray sum projection of focus of parenchymal atelectasis or scarring noted on axial images (not shown) through area.
12818	Incremental benefit of maximum-intensity-projection images on observer detection of small pulmonary nodules revealed by multidetector CT	Missed nodule in azygoesophageal recess in 42-year-old man with melanoma. Contiguous axial 10-mm maximum-intensity-projection (MIP) slabs reconstructed at 8-mm intervals show that nodule is clearly not vascular structure. Nodule was detected by four of five reviewers on MIP images. Poorly marginated nodular density in represents ray sum projection of focus of parenchymal atelectasis or scarring noted on axial images (not shown) through area.
13084	Breast lesions detected on MR imaging: features and positive predictive value	"66-year-old woman with history of right-breast bloody nipple discharge and unsuccessful ductogram. Mammogram (not shown) showed moderately dense breast tissue without suspicious findings. Contrast-enhanced fat-saturated T1-weighted sagittal MR image of right breast shows clumped, segmental enhancement spanning approximately 6 cm in right 6-o'clock axis. MR imaging guided localization and surgical excision yielded ductal carcinoma in situ arising in background of atypical ductal hyperplasia and intraductal papillomas. Patient underwent mastectomy."
13146	Osteosarcoma of the breast	"42-year-old woman with osteosarcoma of breast. Contrast-enhanced CT scan shows large heterogeneous mass with central hypodense nonenhancing areas, suggestive of necrosis, interspersed with peripheral and central zones with intense contrast enhancement. Punctate calcifications and skin involvement were also observed. Fewer calcifications are depicted than on mammogram."
13649	Stomal metastases complicating percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy: CT findings and the argument for radiologic tube placement	76-year-old man with squamous cell carcinoma of tongue who presented with persistent drainage around percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy (PEG) tube 9 months after placement. Photograph of PEG exit site shows mild induration of surrounding skin and small area of friable soft tissue centrally.
14121	Skin and thyroid dosimetry in cervical spine screening: two methods for evaluation and a comparison between a helical CT and radiographic trauma series	"50-year-old woman with nondisplaced fracture of left C6 transverse process. Both axial helical CT scans were obtained at same level with 120 kVp, 3-mm slice thickness, and pitch of 1.5 and filmed in bone window settings (width, 2000 H; length, 500 H). Milliampere setting was 130 mA for and 240 mA for. Ionization chamber estimates indicate protocol for delivered 14.1 mGy to thyroid, whereas protocol for delivered 26.0 mGy to thyroid."
14122	Skin and thyroid dosimetry in cervical spine screening: two methods for evaluation and a comparison between a helical CT and radiographic trauma series	"50-year-old woman with nondisplaced fracture of left C6 transverse process. Both axial helical CT scans were obtained at same level with 120 kVp, 3-mm slice thickness, and pitch of 1.5 and filmed in bone window settings (width, 2000 H; length, 500 H). Milliampere setting was 130 mA for and 240 mA for. Ionization chamber estimates indicate protocol for delivered 14.1 mGy to thyroid, whereas protocol for delivered 26.0 mGy to thyroid."
14123	"Tendon involvement in pedal infection: MR analysis of frequency, distribution, and spread of infection"	"54-year-old man with diabetes mellitus who presented with chronic nonhealing wound of great toe after resection of interphalangeal joint. Coronal T1-weighted fat-suppressed contrast-enhanced fast multiplanar spoiled gradient-recalled (FMPSPGR) MR image (TR/TE, 250/2.1; flip angle, 90-degree) shows large defect in great toe filled with gauze. Note small ulcer at medial aspect of second toe with interruption of skin line."
14465	FDG positron emission tomography in patients with systemic mastocytosis	"53-year-old man with aggressive systemic mastocytosis with splenomegaly, ascites, and biopsy-proven mast cell infiltration of liver, skin, and skeleton. Sagittal gradient-echo T1-weighted MR image (TR/TE, 180/4) of lumbar spine shows hypointense bone marrow compared with intervertebral disks, suggesting deposition of mast cells and partial replacement of fatty marrow."
14466	FDG positron emission tomography in patients with systemic mastocytosis	"53-year-old man with aggressive systemic mastocytosis with splenomegaly, ascites, and biopsy-proven mast cell infiltration of liver, skin, and skeleton. Sagittal inversion recovery MR image (500/30) shows hyperintense bone marrow indicating replacement of normal fat."
14467	FDG positron emission tomography in patients with systemic mastocytosis	"53-year-old man with aggressive systemic mastocytosis with splenomegaly, ascites, and biopsy-proven mast cell infiltration of liver, skin, and skeleton. Sagittal FDG positron emission tomography image shows normal radiotracer distribution."
14643	"Positron emission tomography and PET CT of the head and neck: FDG uptake in normal anatomy, in benign lesions, and in changes resulting from treatment"	62-year-old woman with melanoma. Transverse positron emission tomography image shows relatively strong FDG uptake in submandibular glands.
14644	"Positron emission tomography and PET CT of the head and neck: FDG uptake in normal anatomy, in benign lesions, and in changes resulting from treatment"	"62-year-old woman with melanoma. CT image of floor of mouth, corresponding to , provides comparison."
14659	"Positron emission tomography and PET CT of the head and neck: FDG uptake in normal anatomy, in benign lesions, and in changes resulting from treatment"	"72-year-old woman with mucosal malignant melanoma. Transverse positron emission tomography (PET) image shows moderate FDG uptake in maxillary sinus. PET was performed for N- and M- staging of metastasis [ ]. Amount of FDG uptake alone cannot be used to discriminate between benign and malignant lesions. Melanoma cells avidly take up FDG, but because this lesion has superficially spreading growth pattern, uptake appears to be low."
14713	Imaging-guided core needle biopsy of papillary lesions of the breast	"69-year-old woman with false-positive diagnosis at core needle biopsy. Photograph of histologic specimen obtained at core needle biopsy shows irregular infiltrative-appearing small glands in desmoplastic stroma, interpreted initially as invasive ductal adenocarcinoma. Subsequent excision of this lesion revealed only benign intraductal papilloma with extensive sclerosis. (H and E, x 200)"
14714	Imaging-guided core needle biopsy of papillary lesions of the breast	"69-year-old woman with false-positive diagnosis at core needle biopsy. Photograph of immunoperoxidase stain on histologic specimen obtained at core needle biopsy shows circumferential staining around all glands, confirming presence of myoepithelial cell layer. Diagnosis was changed to benign intraductal papilloma. ( x 400)"
14718	Imaging-guided core needle biopsy of papillary lesions of the breast	65-year-old woman with atypical papilloma found at core needle biopsy that was upgraded to papillary carcinoma in situ at excisional biopsy. Spot compression magnification mammogram shows clustered amorphous microcalcifications in focally dense breast parenchyma.
14719	Imaging-guided core needle biopsy of papillary lesions of the breast	"65-year-old woman with atypical papilloma found at core needle biopsy that was upgraded to papillary carcinoma in situ at excisional biopsy. Photograph of histologic specimen obtained at core needle biopsy shows atypical epithelial proliferation involving only part of biopsy (right half of field) specimen, leading to diagnosis of atypical papilloma. (H and E, x 40)"
14720	Imaging-guided core needle biopsy of papillary lesions of the breast	"65-year-old woman with atypical papilloma found at core needle biopsy that was upgraded to papillary carcinoma in situ at excisional biopsy. Photograph of histologic specimen obtained at excisional biopsy reveals papillary carcinoma in situ. (H and E, x 100)"
14721	Imaging-guided core needle biopsy of papillary lesions of the breast	39-year-old woman with benign papilloma revealed at core needle biopsy that was upgraded to atypical papilloma at excisional biopsy. Spot compression mammogram reveals oval mass with mostly circumscribed margins in inferior subareolar breast.
14722	Imaging-guided core needle biopsy of papillary lesions of the breast	39-year-old woman with benign papilloma revealed at core needle biopsy that was upgraded to atypical papilloma at excisional biopsy. Sonogram shows solid oval mass with ill-defined margins.
14723	Imaging-guided core needle biopsy of papillary lesions of the breast	"39-year-old woman with benign papilloma revealed at core needle biopsy that was upgraded to atypical papilloma at excisional biopsy. Photograph of histologic specimen obtained at core needle biopsy shows well-developed papillary architecture. (H and E, x 40)"
14724	Imaging-guided core needle biopsy of papillary lesions of the breast	"39-year-old woman with benign papilloma revealed at core needle biopsy that was upgraded to atypical papilloma at excisional biopsy. Photograph of histologic specimen from excisional biopsy shows intraductal papilloma with atypia. Punched-out spaces and monotonous cytology are shown in this high-power view. Elsewhere on specimen, papilloma shows only epithelial hyperplasia. Because atypical area is only focal, diagnosis is atypical papilloma. (H and E, x 100)"
14789	Cystic lesions of the pancreas	Metastatic melanoma in 61-year-old man. CT scan shows lobulated cystic mass in body of pancreas.
14974	Percutaneous nonvascular splenic intervention: a 10-year review	42-year-old woman with history of melanoma. Sonogram shows hyperechoic splenic lesion outlined by cursors.
14975	Percutaneous nonvascular splenic intervention: a 10-year review	42-year-old woman with history of melanoma. Sonogram obtained during sonographically guided splenic biopsy shows needle in mass. This mass proved to be metastatic melanoma.
15050	Technical considerations in CT-guided radiofrequency thermal ablation of osteoid osteoma: tricks of the trade	Step-by-step technique of radiofrequency thermal ablation of osteoid osteoma in left distal femur of 20-year-old man. Photograph shows that grounding pad is placed close to marked skin entry point for shortest current path.
15051	Technical considerations in CT-guided radiofrequency thermal ablation of osteoid osteoma: tricks of the trade	Step-by-step technique of radiofrequency thermal ablation of osteoid osteoma in left distal femur of 20-year-old man. Axial CT scan shows markers for planning skin entry point and radiolucent nidus with sclerotic margin.
15053	Technical considerations in CT-guided radiofrequency thermal ablation of osteoid osteoma: tricks of the trade	"Step-by-step technique of radiofrequency thermal ablation of osteoid osteoma in left distal femur of 20-year-old man. Photograph shows tenting, a technique used to overcome displacement of needle tip by drawing skin over needle shaft."
15068	Technical considerations in CT-guided radiofrequency thermal ablation of osteoid osteoma: tricks of the trade	18-year-old man with osteoid osteoma of left index finger metacarpal. Photograph shows hand position with skin marking for dorsal approach to protect volar structures.
15069	Technical considerations in CT-guided radiofrequency thermal ablation of osteoid osteoma: tricks of the trade	18-year-old man with osteoid osteoma of left index finger metacarpal. CT scan shows thermal ablation probe in situ in nidus. Note bone-penetration cannula withdrawn to above skin to avoid risk of skin burn. Arrow indicates tip of bone-penetration cannula.
15149	Preoperative assessment of breast cancer: sonography versus MR imaging	"77-year-old woman with diffuse ductal carcinoma of right breast and suspected bilateral cancer. Sonogram of lesion in left breast reveals hypoechoic lesion with solid internal structure , suggestive of papilloma or intracystic carcinoma that requires biopsy."
15152	Preoperative assessment of breast cancer: sonography versus MR imaging	"77-year-old woman with diffuse ductal carcinoma of right breast and suspected bilateral cancer. Digital subtraction MR image (corresponding to and ) shows strongly enhancing round lesion , falsely suggesting carcinoma. Final histologic diagnosis was papilloma."
15312	"Hepatic hemangioma: atypical appearances on CT, MR imaging, and sonography"	"Sclerosing hemangioma proven by sonography-guided core biopsy in 47-year-old woman. T2-weighted MR image (TR/TE, infinite/134) shows mass with hypointensity relative to cerebrospinal fluid."
15314	"Hepatic hemangioma: atypical appearances on CT, MR imaging, and sonography"	"Sclerosing hemangioma proven by sonography-guided core biopsy in 47-year-old woman. Contrast-enhanced CT scan obtained during portal venous phase shows fuzzy area of enhancement within mass hypoattenuating relative to hepatic vessels , which is unusual for hemangioma."
15468	Imaging of the painful hip arthroplasty	"Infected joint in 71-year-old woman. Arthrographic image shows contrast agent filling ill-defined irregular cavity laterally , with subsequent tracking of contrast agent to skin , consistent with fistula formation caused by infection."
15638	MR features of abdominal splenosis	"41-year-old man with history of car crash who underwent splenectomy 20 years ago. Splenic scan obtained with technetium-99m tagged heat-damaged RBC shows radionuclide uptake at renal parenchyma and perirenal space, consistent with locations of splenic implants on MR imaging. Note that left side of figure is left side of patient."
15640	MR features of abdominal splenosis	"43-year-old man with pedunculated hepatic cellular carcinoma in left hepatic lobe who underwent left lobectomy, partial resection of diaphragm, and splenectomy because of tumor invasion. Follow-up CT scan obtained 1 year after shows well-defined 1.5-cm nodule adhering to left hemidiaphragm, which was confirmed to be splenic implant by splenic scan obtained with technetium-99m tagged heat-damaged RBC (not shown)."
15653	Thymic enlargement and FDG uptake in three patients: CT and FDG positron emission tomography correlated with pathology	Thymic enlargement in 44-year-old woman with history of malignant melanoma. Contrast-enhanced CT scan of thorax obtained at level of carina shows soft tissue in region of thymus. Left lobe of thymus measures 1.7 cm in thickness and has slight convex lateral margin.
15654	Thymic enlargement and FDG uptake in three patients: CT and FDG positron emission tomography correlated with pathology	Thymic enlargement in 44-year-old woman with history of malignant melanoma. Axial FDG positron emission tomography scan obtained at same level as shows increase in uptake of FDG in thymus.
15848	MR imaging of spinal tumors in children with neurofibromatosis 1	18-year-old man with upper thoracic paraspinal neurofibroma. Coronal spin-echo T1-weighted MR image shows paraspinal mass in upper thoracic region that was associated with scoliosis.
15849	MR imaging of spinal tumors in children with neurofibromatosis 1	"18-year-old man with upper thoracic paraspinal neurofibroma. Axial fast spin-echo T2-weighted MR image with fat suppression shows same paraspinal tumor , which is markedly hyperintense but has hypointense center."
15856	Interobserver reproducibility of volumetric MR imaging measurements of plexiform neurofibromas	47-year-old woman with neurofibromatosis 1 and buttock mass. Axial fast spin-echo inversion recovery MR image obtained with patient in prone position shows large lesion involving subcutaneous tissues of gluteal region. Volumetric measurements are outlined in red.
16478	New radiographic classification of bone involvement in pedal mycetoma	Preinvasive stage of pedal mycetoma. Oblique radiograph shows left forefoot of 25-year-old man who presented with soft-tissue swelling at dorsum of foot with skin sinuses draining black granules (black Madura). Extensive bone sclerosis is noted. No intraosseous cavities are shown (stage II).
16532	MR imaging of the ipsilateral breast in women with percutaneously proven breast cancer	34-year-old woman with palpable lump in upper outer quadrant of left breast. Mediolateral oblique left mammogram shows density in left upper outer quadrant adjacent to radiopaque skin marker denoting palpable lump.
16547	MR imaging of the ipsilateral breast in women with percutaneously proven breast cancer	"47-year-old asymptomatic woman with abnormal findings at mammography. Sagittal T1-weighted contrast-enhanced MR image of left breast with vitamin E marker placed over skin entry site from stereotactic biopsy shows irregularly shaped, irregularly marginated, heterogeneously enhancing mass in lower outer quadrant of left breast. MR imaging guided needle localization was performed of this mass and of mass at 6:00-o'clock position (shown in ), and mammographically guided needle localization was performed of clip. All sites yielded DCIS, solid and cribriform type, intermediate nuclear grade. Residual DCIS was found at mastectomy."
16598	Small solitary pulmonary nodules (< or =1 cm) detected at population-based CT screening for lung cancer: Reliable high-resolution CT features of benign lesions	"Nodular fibrosis with polygonal shape in 72-year-old man. Both reviewers interpreted lesion as having coarse spiculation, pleural tag, and polygonal shape, and as being predominantly solid on transverse high-resolution CT images. Lesion size was measured as 8 mm by reviewer 1 and 9 mm by reviewer 2. Pathologic diagnosis was nodular fibrosis."
16610	Radiologic-pathologic conferences of the University of Texas M. D. Anderson Cancer Center: Extraskeletal osteosarcoma of the pleura	73-year-old man with extraskeletal osteosarcoma of pleura. Coned left posterior oblique radiograph of right ribs shows large mass.
16611	Radiologic-pathologic conferences of the University of Texas M. D. Anderson Cancer Center: Extraskeletal osteosarcoma of the pleura	73-year-old man with extraskeletal osteosarcoma of pleura. Contrast-enhanced CT scan (using bone window settings) of chest shows 6-cm calcified pleural mass. Adjacent ribs (not shown) were normal.
16612	Radiologic-pathologic conferences of the University of Texas M. D. Anderson Cancer Center: Extraskeletal osteosarcoma of the pleura	73-year-old man with extraskeletal osteosarcoma of pleura. Nuclear medicine bone scan obtained in posterior view shows intense focal uptake in mass.
16613	Radiologic-pathologic conferences of the University of Texas M. D. Anderson Cancer Center: Extraskeletal osteosarcoma of the pleura	"73-year-old man with extraskeletal osteosarcoma of pleura. Photomicrograph of resected mass shows chondroid and osteoid components. (H and E, x 40)"
17018	CT and radiography of bacterial respiratory infections in AIDS patients	"Lung nodules due to bacillary angiomatosis in 38-year-old HIV-positive man who presented with skin lesions and had HIV risk factor of IV drug abuse. CT scan (lung window setting) obtained at level of mainstem bronchi shows numerous scattered lung nodules , which are randomly distributed. Several nodules abut pleural surfaces (contrast appearance with centrilobular nodules in that spare pleural surfaces). Random distribution of nodules can be seen in hematogenous spread of infection or neoplasm. Note bilateral pleural effusions. (Courtesy of White C, Baltimore, MD)"
17482	Preparation of digital images for presentation and publication	"20-year-old man with primary tuberculosis. Series of otherwise identical (600 dpi [dots per inch], 3.7 MB [megabytes] [ ]; 300 dpi, 968 KB [kilobytes] [ ]; 150 dpi, 252 KB [ ]; 72 dpi, 68 KB [ ; 30 dpi, 24 KB [ ]) single chest radiographs show effect of differing levels of resolution on appearance of printed digital image with identical physical size and on size of image file. All images were saved as uncompressed TIFF (tagged image file format) files and sampled from original image obtained from our PACS (picture archiving and communication system) workstation. Apparent quality is influenced by monitor on which images are displayed or by printer output."
17483	Preparation of digital images for presentation and publication	"20-year-old man with primary tuberculosis. Series of otherwise identical (600 dpi [dots per inch], 3.7 MB [megabytes] [ ]; 300 dpi, 968 KB [kilobytes] [ ]; 150 dpi, 252 KB [ ]; 72 dpi, 68 KB [ ; 30 dpi, 24 KB [ ]) single chest radiographs show effect of differing levels of resolution on appearance of printed digital image with identical physical size and on size of image file. All images were saved as uncompressed TIFF (tagged image file format) files and sampled from original image obtained from our PACS (picture archiving and communication system) workstation. Apparent quality is influenced by monitor on which images are displayed or by printer output."
17484	Preparation of digital images for presentation and publication	"20-year-old man with primary tuberculosis. Series of otherwise identical (600 dpi [dots per inch], 3.7 MB [megabytes] [ ]; 300 dpi, 968 KB [kilobytes] [ ]; 150 dpi, 252 KB [ ]; 72 dpi, 68 KB [ ; 30 dpi, 24 KB [ ]) single chest radiographs show effect of differing levels of resolution on appearance of printed digital image with identical physical size and on size of image file. All images were saved as uncompressed TIFF (tagged image file format) files and sampled from original image obtained from our PACS (picture archiving and communication system) workstation. Apparent quality is influenced by monitor on which images are displayed or by printer output."
17485	Preparation of digital images for presentation and publication	"20-year-old man with primary tuberculosis. Series of otherwise identical (600 dpi [dots per inch], 3.7 MB [megabytes] [ ]; 300 dpi, 968 KB [kilobytes] [ ]; 150 dpi, 252 KB [ ]; 72 dpi, 68 KB [ ; 30 dpi, 24 KB [ ]) single chest radiographs show effect of differing levels of resolution on appearance of printed digital image with identical physical size and on size of image file. All images were saved as uncompressed TIFF (tagged image file format) files and sampled from original image obtained from our PACS (picture archiving and communication system) workstation. Apparent quality is influenced by monitor on which images are displayed or by printer output."
17486	Preparation of digital images for presentation and publication	"20-year-old man with primary tuberculosis. Series of otherwise identical (600 dpi [dots per inch], 3.7 MB [megabytes] [ ]; 300 dpi, 968 KB [kilobytes] [ ]; 150 dpi, 252 KB [ ]; 72 dpi, 68 KB [ ; 30 dpi, 24 KB [ ]) single chest radiographs show effect of differing levels of resolution on appearance of printed digital image with identical physical size and on size of image file. All images were saved as uncompressed TIFF (tagged image file format) files and sampled from original image obtained from our PACS (picture archiving and communication system) workstation. Apparent quality is influenced by monitor on which images are displayed or by printer output."
17496	Preparation of digital images for presentation and publication	"20-year-old man with primary tuberculosis. Chest radiographs, both 300 dpi (dots per inch) TIFF (tagged image file format) files, show subtle changes that occur in images without and with allowances for dot gain."
17497	Preparation of digital images for presentation and publication	"20-year-old man with primary tuberculosis. Chest radiographs, both 300 dpi (dots per inch) TIFF (tagged image file format) files, show subtle changes that occur in images without and with allowances for dot gain."
17716	CT-guided transthoracic needle aspiration biopsy of small (< or = 20 mm) solitary pulmonary nodules	"78-year-old woman with adenocarcinoma in right upper lobe diagnosed at conventional CT-guided biopsy (conventional method). CT images were obtained with radiopaque grid. Puncture point was determined after measuring distance from skin surface to pleura (distance between a and b), needle path length (distance between b and c), and smallest angle between pleura and needle on cathode-ray tube monitor of imager."
18969	Electronic cleansing and stool tagging in CT colonography: advantages and pitfalls with primary three-dimensional evaluation	Three-dimensional (3D) pseudopolyp from barium-tagged adherent stool in average-risk 58-year-old man undergoing screening on CT colonography. Three-dimensional endoluminal image shows polypoid lesion between haustral folds in ascending colon.
18970	Electronic cleansing and stool tagging in CT colonography: advantages and pitfalls with primary three-dimensional evaluation	"Three-dimensional (3D) pseudopolyp from barium-tagged adherent stool in average-risk 58-year-old man undergoing screening on CT colonography. Axial two-dimensional image obtained with patient in prone position and soft-tissue window settings shows uniformly dense lesion in nondependent aspect of ascending colon, corresponding to 3D findings. It would be difficult to exclude true polyp in this patient without barium tagging of adherent fecal material."
18972	Electronic cleansing and stool tagging in CT colonography: advantages and pitfalls with primary three-dimensional evaluation	"Adenomatous polyp coated with barium in 58-year-old man undergoing screening with CT colonography. Axial two-dimensional (2D) image obtained with patient in prone position shows correlate to 3D image which, at first glance, appears to be barium-tagged stool. However, note central homogeneous soft-tissue component, which raises suspicion of coated polyp."
19019	Gadobenate dimeglumine-enhanced MRI of the breast: analysis of dose response and comparison with gadopentetate dimeglumine	58-year-old woman with multicentric invasive ductal carcinoma. Subtracted MRI more clearly delineates lesions. Lesion in right lower medial quadrant seems to infiltrate skin.
19219	CT and MRI features of recurrent tumors and second primary neoplasms in pediatric patients with retinoblastoma	"Meibomian gland carcinoma in 20-year-old woman with hereditary retinoblastoma who underwent enucleation and irradiation. Axial T1-weighted image (TR/TE, 600/15) shows well-defined soft-tissue mass in orbit."
19220	CT and MRI features of recurrent tumors and second primary neoplasms in pediatric patients with retinoblastoma	Meibomian gland carcinoma in 20-year-old woman with hereditary retinoblastoma who underwent enucleation and irradiation. Axial contrast-enhanced T1-weighted image (600/15) shows marked enhancement of tumor.
19471	Imaging characteristics of blue rubber bleb nevus syndrome	35-year-old woman with gastrointestinal bleeding. Endoscopic image shows multiple polypoid lesions in stomach with discoloration characteristic of vascular lesions.
19472	Imaging characteristics of blue rubber bleb nevus syndrome	35-year-old woman with gastrointestinal bleeding. Endoscopic sonogram shows submucosal lesion in stomach that extends to but does not penetrate muscularis propria. Probe is indicated by double solid arrows.
19681	Accuracy of MRI in the detection of residual breast cancer after neoadjuvant chemotherapy	75-year-old woman with inflammatory carcinoma of right breast and persistent segmentally distributed abnormalities on MRI after chemotherapy. Contrast-enhanced T1-weighted image of right breast acquired before neoadjuvant chemotherapy shows segmentally distributed region of abnormal enhancement in upper slightly medial breast. Adjacent skin and areola are obscured by artifact in this image.
19682	Accuracy of MRI in the detection of residual breast cancer after neoadjuvant chemotherapy	"75-year-old woman with inflammatory carcinoma of right breast and persistent segmentally distributed abnormalities on MRI after chemotherapy. Contrast-enhanced T1-weighted image after chemotherapy reveals persistent multifocal, segmentally distributed enhancement, which measured 6.1 cm in maximum extent. Skin thickening and enhancement in periareolar region are also evident. Histology review of breast after mastectomy showed 4.0-cm gross tumor with invasive and in situ ductal carcinoma. However, no multifocal tumor was shown outside this mass, and both nipple and skin were negative for malignancy. Nonneoplastic tissue did contain intraductal papilloma and fibrocystic changes."
19698	Fast MRI-guided vacuum-assisted breast biopsy: initial experience	34-year-old woman with history of left mastectomy and reconstruction and right breast augmentation who presented with enhancing mass on MRI of right breast. Sagittal T1-weighted contrast-enhanced image of right breast shows indentation from grid evident as low-signal-intensity lines at skin surface. High signal from vitamin E marker is seen. Scrolling back and forth from MRI of grid and vitamin E marker to MRI of lesion enables determination of appropriate needle entry site and depth of insertion.
19710	Fast MRI-guided vacuum-assisted breast biopsy: initial experience	"56-year-old woman with recent skin biopsy showing Paget's disease of left nipple. Sagittal T1-weighted contrast-enhanced image of left breast shows lobulated, circumscribed, rim-enhancing mass at 3-o'clock axis."
19711	Fast MRI-guided vacuum-assisted breast biopsy: initial experience	56-year-old woman with recent skin biopsy showing Paget's disease of left nipple. Sagittal T1-weighted contrast-enhanced image of left breast shows low-signal artifact from obturator at site of 3-o'clock axis lesion. Second lesion is more apparent superiorly.
19712	Fast MRI-guided vacuum-assisted breast biopsy: initial experience	"56-year-old woman with recent skin biopsy showing Paget's disease of left nipple. Sagittal T1-weighted contrast-enhanced image of left breast after vacuum-assisted biopsy shows air at biopsy site and air dissecting inferiorly. Inferior lesion is no longer evident, but superior lesion is still seen. Superior lesion had needle localization without vacuum-assisted biopsy, yielding fibroadenoma and stromal fibrosis. Inferior lesion yielded fibroadenoma and stromal fibrosis at vacuum-assisted biopsy; surgical excision showed fibrosis and few scattered foci of ductal carcinoma in situ at anterior margin of resection."
20281	Low-density pheochromocytoma on CT: a mimicker of adrenal adenoma	49-year-old woman with low-density pheochromocytoma who has neurofibromatosis 1. CT scan shows rounded low-density right adrenal mass with attenuation value of 9 H.
20282	Low-density pheochromocytoma on CT: a mimicker of adrenal adenoma	"49-year-old woman with low-density pheochromocytoma who has neurofibromatosis 1. Photomicrograph of histopathologic specimen shows classic pheochromocytoma. Note areas of medullary cells containing abundant intracytoplasmic fat seen as diffuse bubbly (fatty) cytoplasm. (H and E, x 400)"
20435	Sonography of dorsal ankle and foot abnormalities	69-year-old man with soft-tissue infection. Transverse sonogram at level of first metatarsal (M) shows sinus opening (S) at skin surface with gas tracking dorsally and medially in swollen subcutaneous tissues.
20874	Imaging features of intraventricular melanoma	"48-year-old woman with a 2-week history of headache. A, Noncontrast CT scan shows a hyperdense mass in the atrium of the left lateral ventricle. The temporal horn is dilated. B, CT scan after contrast administration shows enhancement of the mass. Although there is a suggestion of ependymal enhancement in the left occipital horn, an MR study was normal at this level and during surgery this region appeared normal. C, Axial noncontrast T1-weighted MR image (570/15/1 [TR/TE/excitations]) shows the intraventricular mass to have a peripheral zone of increased signal intensity and to be slightly inhomogeneous centrally. D, On an axial noncontrast T2-weighted MR image (3600/93/1) (slightly different level), the mass is relatively hypointense. E, Axial T1-weighted MR image (650/15/1) after contrast administration shows the mass to enhance inhomogeneously."
21831	Recurrence of clival chordoma along the surgical pathway	"Case 1: MR findings in a 47-year-old man with clival chordoma. A, Axial T2-weighted image (2500/80/1) shows a small, well-circumscribed, hyperintense nodule along the right side of the nose. B, Axial T2-weighted image 6 months later shows interval enlargement of the mass involving the skin and subcutaneous tissues. C, Contrast-enhanced axial T1-weighted image (600/13/2) shows intense enhancement of the mass. D and E, Axial T2-weighted images 2 years later show progressive enlargement of the increasingly heterogeneous, lobulated, soft-tissue mass. At surgery, histopathologic findings were consistent with chordoma."
21921	MR imaging of patients with carotidynia	"48-year-old man with left-sided carotidynia. A, Axial T1-weighted image (700/16/2 [TR/TE/excitations]) at the level of the distal common carotid artery. A skin marker has been placed over the area of swelling and tenderness. Note the abnormal soft-tissue signal surrounding the left carotid. B, Axial contrast-enhanced T1-weighted image (550/16/2) shows striking enhancement of the tissue surrounding the artery. C, Coronal contrast-enhanced T1-weighted image (550/16/2) shows the enhancement extending to the level of the carotid bifurcation. A lymph node is seen above the bifurcation. D, Axial contrast-enhanced T1-weighted image (500/12/2) obtained several months later, while the patient remained asymptomatic, shows resolution of the thick rim of enhancement."
22033	Spinal intradural capillary hemangioma: MR findings	"66-year-old woman with lower back pain. A, T1-weighted (550/12 [TR/TE]) sagittal MR image shows a well-defined, oval mass at the dorsal aspect of the T8 T9 level. The signal intensity of the mass is isointense with the spinal cord. B, Contrast-enhanced T1-weighted (550/12) sagittal MR image shows homogenous, intense enhancement of the mass. C, On T2-weighted (3600/112) sagittal MR image, the signal intensity is hyperintense relative to the spinal cord. Note the associated diffuse cord edema. D, On contrast-enhanced T1-weighted (874/12) axial MR image, the spinal cord is markedly compressed by the posterolaterally located mass. E, Low-power photomicrograph shows the tumor to be composed of variably sized but relatively small capillaries , pericytes , and some stromal cells (fibroblasts) (hematoxylin-eosin, original magnification x100)."
22220	Castleman's disease in the retropharyngeal space: CT and MR imaging findings	"Images from the case of a 34-year-old woman with an enlarging mass on the right side of her neck. A, Contrast-enhanced axial CT scan shows a well-marginated, intensely enhancing mass in the right retropharyngeal space. Note the styloid process, which is anterolaterally displaced by the mass. B, T1-weighed (450/12) axial MR image shows a well-marginated mass isointense to the muscle in the right retropharyngeal space. The mass displaces the parapharyngeal fat anteriorly , pharyngeal mucosal space medially, styloid process anterolaterally , and internal carotid artery laterally. C, Contrast-enhanced T1-weighed (450/12) axial MR image reveals strong enhancement of the lesion. The displaced right internal carotid artery and external carotid artery are separated. Note the linear hypointense signal within the mass. D, T2-weighted (3700/99) axial MR image shows the lesion hyperintense to the muscle. The linear hypointense signal seen in panel C is also seen as a hypointense signal. E, Contrast-enhanced T1-weighed (513/12) coronal MR image shows the mass occupying the entire right retropharyngeal and parapharyngeal space from below the skull base to the hyoid bone level. F, Photomicrograph (original magnification, x100; hematoxylin and eosin stain) of the right retropharyngeal lymph node shows a follicle with an onion skin appearing, prominent mantle and a penetrating hyalinizing vessel into the germinal center, consistent with hyaline-vascular-type Castleman's disease. G, Low-power photomicrograph (original magnification, x40; hematoxylin and eosin stain) of the right retropharyngeal lymph node shows perivascular lamellar fibrosis , which corresponds to the linear hypointense signals in an arborizing pattern on the MR images."
22226	Intracranial and intraspinal meningeal melanocytosis	"35-year-old man with a history of remote closed head injury who presented with recurrent headache, cortical blindness, and numerous new neurologic deficits. A, Axial noncontrast CT scan shows increased attenuation of the right temporal lobe, frontal lobes, suprasellar cistern, cerebellum, basal cisterns, dentate nuclei, and an area adjacent to the fourth ventricle. B, Axial noncontrast CT scan obtained 4 years earlier shows no areas of increased attenuation in the parasellar regions. C, Sagittal noncontrast T1-weighted MR image depicts a suprasellar mass along with areas of increased signal in the tuber cinereum and tectal region , consistent with T1 shortening from melanin. Note the subtle area of increased signal in the pons. D, Contrast-enhanced MR image shows marked basal cistern involvement. E, Axial contrast-enhanced T1-weighted MR image of the brain shows enhancement of the basal meninges and intraparenchymal lesions of both temporal lobes. F, Corresponding axial FSE T2-weighted MR image shows heterogeneous signal intensity in the parasellar region with decreased signal intensity from areas of melanin. G, Sagittal noncontrast T1-weighted MR image reveals a large, hyperintense, oblong, anterior intraspinal mass. Note subtle areas of increased signal intensity surrounding the adjacent spinal cord anteriorly and posteriorly."
22421	Traumatic neuroma after neck dissection: CT characteristics in four cases	"64-year-old man with a right-sided neck mass 7 months after right-sided modified radical neck dissection and knife excision of zones I through V for squamous cell carcinoma of the larynx. A, Axial contrast-enhanced CT scan reveals a nodule posterolateral to but separate from the right ICA. The nodule lacks a radiolucent center and peripherally dense rim. B, Microscopic section of the nodule reveals tangled and interwoven neurofibrils mixed with connective tissue, typical of a traumatic neuroma (hematoxylin-eosin, x400). C, Another microscopic section of the nodule also reveals other areas containing abnormally mitotic nuclei , typical of carcinoma mixed with areas typical of traumatic neuroma (hematoxylin-eosin, x400)."
22673	"Proliferating trichilemmal tumors: CT and MR imaging findings in two cases, one with malignant transformation"	"Case 1: 75-year-old man with malignant proliferating trichilemmal tumor. A, Axial T1-weighted MR image shows a poorly defined soft-tissue mass in the central portion of the lower lip. The signal intensity of the mass is comparable to that of the adjacent muscles. B, On axial T2-weighted MR image, the mass becomes hyperintense with some portions being much higher in signal intensity. The irregular margin of the mass and its infiltrating nature through the orbicularis oris muscle are better seen on the T2-weighted image. C, Axial contrast-enhanced T1-weighted MR image shows significant enhancement of the mass, with considerable portions remaining unenhanced (fig 1C and D). The areas of the tumor showing no enhancement appear larger on the contrast-enhanced image than on the T2-weighted image. D, Photograph of a cut section shows partially poorly defined, lobulated, soft-tissue mass, which has a large irregular central cavity. The continuity of the mass with the overlying epidermis is a general feature of a tumor of hair sheath origin. E, Photomicrograph shows numerous proliferating lobules of reserve cells with extensive trichilemmal keratinization (hematoxylin-eosin, original magnification x20). F, Higher-magnification photomicrograph shows dysplastic cells with high nuclear-to-cytoplasmic ratios, nuclear pleomorphisms, and frequent mitoses. There is no evidence of a granular layer associated with keratinization, which is a useful feature for distinguishing PTT from squamous cell carcinoma (hematoxylin-eosin, original magnification x200)."
22674	"Proliferating trichilemmal tumors: CT and MR imaging findings in two cases, one with malignant transformation"	"Case 2: 54-year-old woman with coexistent proliferating trichilemmal tumor and trichilemmal cyst. A, Axial contrast-enhanced CT scan at level of the submandibular glands shows a large, well-encapsulated, cystic mass located in the subcutaneous fat of the left posterior part of the neck. It has a well-enhancing wall of variable thickness, which contains numerous speckled calcifications. Note a focal area of smooth soft-tissue elevation from the anterior wall of the mass. There were several similar foci of soft-tissue elevations in the inner wall of the mass (not shown). The outer portions of the mass abut the overlying skin. Although the lesion apparently reveals a mass effect on the adjacent paravertebral muscles, the fatty interface is seen to be well preserved. B, Photograph of a cut section corresponding to A shows a well-encapsulated, unilocular, cystic mass continuous with the overlying epidermis. There is a focal, smooth excrescence of soft-tissue in the deep portion of the inner wall. C, Photomicrograph of soft-tissue portion of the mass shows extensive areas of trichilemmal keratinization without formation of a granular layer. The reserve cells reveal differentiation toward large polygonal keratinocytes (hematoxylin-eosin, original magnification x200)."
22952	"""Puffed-cheek"" CT improves evaluation of the oral cavity"	"Normal anatomy on puffed-cheek CT scans in two patients. A, 42-year-old woman with cheek swelling. Puffed-cheek axial CT scan at the level of the maxilla is normal. The patient's physical examination and subsequent follow-up were also normal. The muscles of facial expression, seen especially well on the puffed-cheek CT scan, include the orbicularis oris , levator anguli oris , risorius, and buccinator. Note streak artifacts from the mandible bilaterally. B, 18-year-old man with a facial artery aneurysm. Puffed-cheek axial CT scan at the level of the mandible is normal. The orbicularis oris muscle thickens laterally , where depressor anguli oris and risorius interdigitate and insert. The buccinator and buccal mucosa create a homogeneous soft tissue band , partially distorted here by the streak artifacts from orthodontic appliances. A skin marker on the right cheek (unmarked) indicates the clinically palpable aneurysm"
23263	MR diagnosis of myxomatous aneurysms: report of two cases	"A 75-year-old woman with a history of melanoma and resected atrial myxoma. A C, Axial T1-weighted (600/18/2 [TR/TE/excitations]) postcontrast MR images demonstrate several enhancing foci within the subarachnoid space , consistent with aneurysms of the right middle cerebral artery. D, Coronal postcontrast T1-weighted MR image (600/15/1) demonstrates contrast-enhancing aneurysm of the right middle cerebral artery and left posterior parietal arteries. E, Axial T2-weighted (3000/80/1) MR image. The aneurysm demonstrates a low signal intensity flow void, consistent with a patent aneurysm. F, Digital subtraction angiography (DSA), anteroposterior view, of the right internal carotid artery demonstrates multiple arterial dilatations, the largest of which is located in the angular branch of the right middle cerebral artery. G, DSA, lateral view, of the right internal carotid artery demonstrates multiple fusiform aneurysms in the distribution of the right middle cerebral artery. T1-weighted postcontrast image (600/15/1) demonstrates an enhancing left middle cerebral aneurysm and an area of low signal intensity suggestive of old infarction."
23776	Perineural tumor spread along the auriculotemporal nerve	"Contrast-agent enhanced T1-weighted MR images (700/15) obtained in a 71-year-old man with skin cancer, who had TMJ tenderness and discomfort in the left ear. Symptoms related to V3 developed 8 months later. A, Axial image shows a parotid gland mass that extends medially along the expected course of the auriculotemporal nerve into the parapharyngeal space. B and C, Coronal images show the superior extension of the tumor along V3 and middle meningeal artery to involve the intracranial structures. Subtle dural enhancement is seen along the floor of the temporal fossa on the left. Note the normal appearance of V3 on the right. T indicates tumor. Image in C is slightly posterior to the image in B."
23777	Perineural tumor spread along the auriculotemporal nerve	"MR images obtained in a 70-year-old man with skin cancer who had progressive right facial nerve weakness. Cross-sectional CT (not shown) and MR imaging were performed to evaluate the patient s facial weakness and preauricular pain. A, Axial nonenhanced T1-weighted image (600/14) shows a subtle area of soft tissue posterior and medial to the ramus of the mandible on the right side that is abnormal when compared with the left. B, Gadolinium-enhanced fat-suppressed T1-weighted image (500/14) obtained at the same level as in A shows marked enhancement of the area of abnormal soft tissue in A. This finding was interpreted as normal at an outside institution. C, Repeat nonenhanced T1-weighted image (600/14) obtained 12 months after the first MR examination shows the extensive progression of the tumor , with now obvious infiltration of the parapharyngeal space on the right. D and E, Coronal and axial contrast-agent enhanced T1-weighted images (600/14) show the growth of the tumor along V3 into the Meckle cave and cavernous sinus. Note the normal appearance of the Meckle cave on the left side."
23901	Brainstem involvement with mycosis fungoides: an unusual central nervous system complication	"Axial MR images of the brain in a 61-year-old woman with a 2-year history of cutaneous T-cell lymphoma (MF) and recent-onset CNS symptoms. A, T2-weighted image (3000/98/1) obtained through the pons and superior cerebellar peduncles shows a diffuse area of hyperintensity in the posterior half of the pons. B, FLAIR image obtained through the cerebral peduncles at the level of the third cranial nerves shows an extensive area of hyperintensity in the tegmentum. The border between the lesion and the spared substantia nigra is sharp. C, Contrast-enhanced image (450/20/2) shows a lack of uptake in the lesion."
24415	Increased uptake of technetium-99m-hexamethylpropyleneamine oxime related to primary leptomeningeal melanoma	"Images from the case of a 24-year-old man with primary leptomeningeal melanoma. A, Photomicrograph (hematoxylin and eosin stain; original magnification, x200) from the corticomeningeal biopsy shows the atypical cells with melanin granules. Tumor cells diffusely invaded along the pia mater and spread into the subarachnoid space, indicating a leptomeningeal melanoma. B, SPECT scan of the brain, obtained during the terminal state, shows increased uptake of Tc-99m-HMPAO in the basal cistern and cisterns surrounding the brain stem, both cerebellar hemispheres, and both sylvian fissures. C, SPECT scan of the brain shows severe hypoperfusion in the cerebral and cerebellar hemispheres, especially in the brain stem, both cerebellar hemispheres, and thalami. D and E, Contrast-enhanced T1-weighted MR images (600/16/1 [TR/TE/NEX]), obtained during the terminal state, show thick and diffuse leptomeningeal enhancement in the whole leptomenigeal and subarachnoid space. F, Macroscopic appearance at the base of the brain. The brain is thickly and diffusely covered with black tumors, indicating the primary leptomeningeal melanoma."
24730	Primary diffuse meningeal melanomatosis: radiologic-pathologic correlation	"Primary diffuse meningeal melanomatosis in a 68-year-old woman. A and B, At presentation, contrast-enhanced cranial CT scans show dilatation of the lateral and third ventricles, with effacement of the cerebral convexity sulci. Abnormal contrast enhancement is present in the right sylvian fissure and in the right frontoparietal region. C and D, Twelve months after the placement of a ventricular CSF shunt with a right parietal approach, cranial axial and coronal T1-weighted spin-echo MR images (TR/TE, 580/14) obtained after the intravenous administration of gadopentetate dimeglumine show small lateral and third ventricles and diffuse dural and leptomeningeal enhancement. E, Plain cranial CT scan obtained 1 month before the patient s death shows tiny ventricles and symmetric areas of hypoattenuation in the subinsular white matter and external capsules. This finding was probably due to neoplastic encasing of the penetrating arteries."
25459	Sonographic mapping of the normal brachial plexus	"Cervical nerves roots at their extraforaminal part. A, Position of the sonographic probe to explore cervical nerve roots at their extraforaminal part. B, Sonogram (90-degree left rotated) in a 28-year-old female volunteer shows C5 , C6 , and C7 roots at their extraforaminal part. They appear as oval hypoechoic structures. Note the shadowing of the cervical transverse processes (arrows). S indicates skin."
25460	Sonographic mapping of the normal brachial plexus	"Relationship between the deep cervical artery and the C7 and C8 nerve roots. A, Position of the probe to demonstrate the deep cervical artery. B, Color Doppler sonogram (90-degree left rotated) in a 26-year-old female volunteer shows the deep cervical artery (arrow) separating the eighth cervical nerve from the seventh. C, Sagittal gross anatomic section shows the relationship between the deep cervical artery (arrow) and the C7 and C8 nerves roots. In B and/or C, 1 indicates C5 nerve; 2, C6 nerve; 5, first rib; S, skin."
25461	Sonographic mapping of the normal brachial plexus	"Interscalene triangle (nerves roots). A, Position of the probe to explore the nerve roots at the interscalene triangle. B, Sonogram (90-degree left rotated) in a 26-year-old female volunteer shows the C5 , C6 , and C7 nerve roots at the interscalene triangle. C, Sagittal gross anatomic section at the interscalene triangle. In B and/or C, 1 indicates anterior scalene muscle; 2, middle and posterior scalene muscles; 3, sternocleidomastoid muscle; 4, subclavian artery; 5 8, C5 through C8 nerve roots; 9, T1 nerve root; 10, first rib; S, skin."
25462	Sonographic mapping of the normal brachial plexus	"Interscalene triangle (trunks). A, Position of the probe to explore the trunks at the interscalene triangle. B, Sonogram (90-degree left rotated) in a 28-year-old male volunteer shows the upper, middle, and lower trunks at the interscalene triangle. C, Sagittal gross anatomic section at the interscalene triangle (lateral part). In B and/or C, 1 indicates anterior scalene muscle; 2, middle and posterior scalene muscles; 3, subclavian artery; 4, upper trunk; 5, middle trunk; 6, lower trunk; S, skin."
25463	Sonographic mapping of the normal brachial plexus	"Junction between the interscalene triangle and the costoclavicular space (cords). A, Position of the probe to explore the brachial plexus at the junction between the interscalene triangle and the costoclavicular space. B, Sonogram (90-degree left rotated) in a 34-year-old male volunteer shows the nerve cords at the junction between the interscalene triangle and costoclavicular space. C, Sagittal gross anatomic section at the junction between the interscalene triangle and costoclavicular space. In B and/or C, 1 indicates first rib; 2, middle and posterior scalene muscles; 3, subclavian artery; 4, posterior nerve cord; 5, lateral nerve cord; 6, medial nerve cord; 7, omohyoid muscle; S, skin."
25464	Sonographic mapping of the normal brachial plexus	"Costoclavicular space (cords). A, Position of the probe to explore the brachial plexus at the costoclavicular space by an infraclavicular approach. B, Sonogram (90-degree left rotated) in a 31-year-old female volunteer shows clusters of round hypoechoic neural fascicles of the different nerve cords at the costoclavicular space. C, Sagittal gross oblique anatomic section of the costoclavicular space. In B and/or C, 1 indicates subclavius muscle; 2, pectoralis major muscle; 3, axillary artery; 4, axillary vein; 5, posterior nerve cord; 6, lateral nerve cord; 7, medial nerve cord; S, skin."
25465	Sonographic mapping of the normal brachial plexus	"Retropectoralis minor space (cords). A, Position of the probe to explore the brachial plexus at the retropectoralis minor space. B, Sonogram (90-degree left rotated) in a 31-year-old female volunteer shows the nerve cords of the brachial plexus at the retropectoralis minor space. C, Sagittal gross oblique anatomic section of the retropectoralis minor space. In B and/or C, 1 indicates pectoralis minor muscle; 2, pectoralis major muscle; 3, axillary artery; 4, axillary vein; 5, posterior nerve cord; 6, lateral nerve cord; 7, medial nerve cord; S, skin."
25482	Pre- and posttreatment MR imaging in AIDS-related Kaposi sarcoma of the conjunctiva and lacrimal gland	"MR images obtained a 38-year-old man who developed AIDS-related Kaposi sarcoma of the conjunctiva and lacrimal gland. All axial sections were tilted to the level of the optic nerve; coronal sections were perpendicular to axial sections. Posttreatment images were obtained 3 months after pretreatment images. A, Axial turbo inversion recovery magnitude (4000/30 [TR/TE]) MR image of the orbita shows an abnormal mass with high signal intensity that involves the conjunctiva and lacrimal gland. B, Axial T1-weighted (735/12) MR image of the orbita shows an abnormal mass that is isointense relative to muscular tissue and involves the conjunctiva and lacrimal gland. C, Corresponding postcontrast T1-weighted (735/12) MR image shows a marked enhancement of the abnormal tissue of the lower eyelid. D, Corresponding posttreatment axial turbo inversion recovery magnitude (4000/30). E, Corresponding posttreatment axial T1-weighted (735/12). F, Corresponding posttreatment postcontrast T1-weighted (735/12)"
25561	Neuroimaging features of epidermal nevus syndrome	"Images from the case of patient 2, a 26-month-old female patient who presented with left facial epidermal nevus and facial and neck hypertrophy. A, Photograph shows left facial hypertrophy and epidermal nevus. B, FLAIR image shows the left hemimegalencephaly, enlarged lateral ventricle, dysmyelinated white matter, blurred white-gray matter junction, and plate-like thickened cortex in the temporal, parietal, and occipital lobes. The left frontal lobe and right hemisphere are normal. Sources of interictal spikes are scattered around the posterior part of the left hemisphere."
26217	Pictorial review: Trigeminal nerve: anatomy and pathology	(a) Axial T2 weighted FSE image at mid pontine level from a 29-year-old patient with Type I neurofibromatosis and recent onset of facial pain. There is an ill defined mass within the pons on the right (arrow). (b) An image from a FLAIR sequence acquired in the coronal plane confirms the diffuse mass. The diagnosis was pontine glioma. Such tumours tend to run a relatively benign course in patients with neurofibromatosis.
26225	Pictorial review: Trigeminal nerve: anatomy and pathology	Perineural metastasis from a malignant melanoma in a 77-year-old woman. Axial T1 weighted SE image after iv gadolinium-DTPA. There is an enhancing metastatic deposit spreading along the right trigeminal nerve and invading the pons. The right orbital apex is also involved.
26706	Pictorial review: adult intussusception--a CT diagnosis	"Patient with unsuspected metastatic melanoma of the small bowel and colon, the colonic metastasis causing intussusception. A 60-year-old man with weight loss and abdominal pain. CT at the level of the pelvis shows a round, target-shaped mass in the left iliac fossa (arrow). It consists of a central hyperdense area (contrast medium in the lumen of the intussusceptum) and a thick soft tissue mass around it with two half-moon shaped hypodense areas representing intussuscepted mesenteric fat. A peripheral rim of contrast medium outlines the space between the opposing walls of the intussuscipiens and the intussusceptum (arrow). Another large soft tissue mass (m) is seen in the right iliac fossa around a distal small bowel loop. Both the distal ileum and part of the left colon were resected."
27418	CT of a thickened-wall gall bladder	"A 93-year-old woman 10 days after surgery for perforated duodenal ulcer presented with fever and pus discharge through operative sutures. Contrast enhanced CT shows gas bubbles and extravasation of the orally ingested contrast medium (black arrow) reaching the skin (white arrow), compatible with leak and cutaneous fistula. Reactive sandwich-like thickening of the gallbladder wall is seen."
27757	"Spontaneous rupture of the spleen: ultrasound patterns, diagnosis and follow-up"	38-year-old patient with metastatic malignant melanoma and pain in the left upper abdomen. (a) Ultrasound of the spleen showed a focal hypoechoic splenic lesions suggesting splenic metastases (M) with hyperechoic subcapsular haematoma (H) classified for a grade 2 splenic injury. (b) On ultrasound follow-up 6 weeks later a hypoechoic transformation of the haematoma was seen.
27772	Percutaneous pulmonary radiofrequency ablation: difficulty achieving complete ablations in big lung lesions	"63-year-old woman with amelanotic melanoma. (a) CT scan of chest shows 4.5 cm pulmonary metastasis in the left lower lobe (LLL). (b) CT scan obtained during radiofrequency (RF) ablation shows superomedial position of the electrode within the mass. (c) CT scan obtained during RF ablation shows inferolateral position of the electrode within the mass, a small basal pleural effusion has developed. (d) CT scan obtained 1 month after RF ablation at level corresponding to (a) shows pulmonary metastasis of same size as before, but homogeneously hypodense."
27773	Percutaneous pulmonary radiofrequency ablation: difficulty achieving complete ablations in big lung lesions	52-year-old man with metastatic renal cell carcinoma. (a) CT scan of chest shows 5 cm pulmonary metastasis in the left upper lobe (LUL). (b) CT scan obtained during radiofrequency (RF) ablation shows dorsosuperior position of the electrode within the mass. (c) CT scan obtained during RF ablation shows anterosuperior position of the electrode within the mass. (d) CT scan obtained during RF ablation shows inferior position of the electrode within the mass. (e) CT scan obtained 1 month after RF ablation showing surrounding contrast enhancing rim (white arrows).
28217	Acute upper extremity deep venous thrombosis: safety and effectiveness of superior vena caval filters	Chest radiographs obtained after coronary artery bypass graft surgery in a 72-year-old woman with acute right arm swelling secondary to upper extremity DVT. Anticoagulation failed because of skin necrosis due to warfarin sodium administration and to gastrointestinal bleeding secondary to heparin administration. Posteroanterior view obtained after deployment of an SVC filter shows the filter position (arrow) below the confluence of the brachiocephalic veins.
28218	Acute upper extremity deep venous thrombosis: safety and effectiveness of superior vena caval filters	Chest radiographs obtained after coronary artery bypass graft surgery in a 72-year-old woman with acute right arm swelling secondary to upper extremity DVT. Anticoagulation failed because of skin necrosis due to warfarin sodium administration and to gastrointestinal bleeding secondary to heparin administration. Left lateral view obtained at the same time as shows the SVC filter position (arrow).
28738	Uveal melanoma: correlation of histopathologic and radiologic findings by using thin-section MR imaging with a surface coil	"Inhomogeneous pigmented uveal melanoma of the right eye in a 30-year-old patient. In, ant. = anterior direction, C = ciliary body, cran. = cranial direction, D = retinal detachment, L = lens, nas. = nasal direction, R = retina, S = sclera, temp. = temporal direction, V = vitreous body. Axial T1-weighted MR image (600/20, 256 x 256 matrix, two acquisitions) shows different signal intensities within the melanoma, with higher signal intensities in the ventral and medial parts of the tumor (arrows) than in the main part."
28739	Uveal melanoma: correlation of histopathologic and radiologic findings by using thin-section MR imaging with a surface coil	"Inhomogeneous pigmented uveal melanoma of the right eye in a 30-year-old patient. In, ant. = anterior direction, C = ciliary body, cran. = cranial direction, D = retinal detachment, L = lens, nas. = nasal direction, R = retina, S = sclera, temp. = temporal direction, V = vitreous body. Axial T2-weighted image (2,300/90, 240 x 256 matrix, one acquisition) shows hypointensities in the ventral and medial parts of the melanoma, which correspond to the higher signal intensities in."
28740	Uveal melanoma: correlation of histopathologic and radiologic findings by using thin-section MR imaging with a surface coil	"Inhomogeneous pigmented uveal melanoma of the right eye in a 30-year-old patient. In, ant. = anterior direction, C = ciliary body, cran. = cranial direction, D = retinal detachment, L = lens, nas. = nasal direction, R = retina, S = sclera, temp. = temporal direction, V = vitreous body. Ophthalmoscopic image shows a poorly defined tumor at the temporal edge of the field of view. The tumor is poorly defined because of its anterior position. A normal optic disk also is seen."
28741	Uveal melanoma: correlation of histopathologic and radiologic findings by using thin-section MR imaging with a surface coil	"Inhomogeneous pigmented uveal melanoma of the right eye in a 30-year-old patient. In, ant. = anterior direction, C = ciliary body, cran. = cranial direction, D = retinal detachment, L = lens, nas. = nasal direction, R = retina, S = sclera, temp. = temporal direction, V = vitreous body. Histologic preparation (hematoxylin-eosin stain; original magnification, x 200) of an axial section shows an increased concentration of melanin (arrows) in a small band ventrally."
28742	Uveal melanoma: correlation of histopathologic and radiologic findings by using thin-section MR imaging with a surface coil	"Strongly pigmented choroidal melanoma of the right eye in a 62-year-old patient. In, ant. = anterior direction, cran. = cranial direction, L = lens, nas. = nasal direction, temp. = temporal direction, V = vitreous body. Axial T1-weighted image (600/20, 256 x 256 matrix, two acquisitions) shows a strongly hyperintense tumor. The retinal detachment is clearly hypointense compared with the tumor but hyperintense compared with the vitreous body."
28743	Uveal melanoma: correlation of histopathologic and radiologic findings by using thin-section MR imaging with a surface coil	"Strongly pigmented choroidal melanoma of the right eye in a 62-year-old patient. In, ant. = anterior direction, cran. = cranial direction, L = lens, nas. = nasal direction, temp. = temporal direction, V = vitreous body. Axial T2-weighted image (2,300/90, 240 x 256 matrix, one acquisition) shows a strongly hypointense tumor. The retinal detachment is nearly isointense compared with the vitreous body."
28744	Uveal melanoma: correlation of histopathologic and radiologic findings by using thin-section MR imaging with a surface coil	"Strongly pigmented choroidal melanoma of the right eye in a 62-year-old patient. In, ant. = anterior direction, cran. = cranial direction, L = lens, nas. = nasal direction, temp. = temporal direction, V = vitreous body. Ophthalmoscopic image shows very dark tumor in the center of the image, with extended retinal detachment. A small part of the normal retina-choroid in the temporal-cranial direction is visible."
28745	Uveal melanoma: correlation of histopathologic and radiologic findings by using thin-section MR imaging with a surface coil	"Strongly pigmented choroidal melanoma of the right eye in a 62-year-old patient. In, ant. = anterior direction, cran. = cranial direction, L = lens, nas. = nasal direction, temp. = temporal direction, V = vitreous body. Histopathologic preparation (hematoxylin-eosin stain; original magnification, x 200) of an axial section shows the tumor base adjacent to the nasal sclera, with more pronounced pigmentation. The retinal detachment is not visible because of the preparation method."
28746	Uveal melanoma: correlation of histopathologic and radiologic findings by using thin-section MR imaging with a surface coil	"Moderately pigmented choroidal melanoma of the left eye in a 69-year-old patient. In, ant. = anterior direction, L = lens, R = retina, S = sclera, temp. = temporal direction, V = vitreous body. Axial T1-weighted image (600/20, 256 x 256 matrix, two acquisitions) shows a large moderately hyperintense tumor in the nasal part of the eye that has little inhomogeneous texture and virtually fills the entire eye; the tumor is near but does not infiltrate the optic disk. The retinal detachment and tumor have nearly identical signal intensities."
28747	Uveal melanoma: correlation of histopathologic and radiologic findings by using thin-section MR imaging with a surface coil	"Moderately pigmented choroidal melanoma of the left eye in a 69-year-old patient. In, ant. = anterior direction, L = lens, R = retina, S = sclera, temp. = temporal direction, V = vitreous body. Axial T2-weighted image (2,300/90, 240 x 256 matrix, one acquisition) shows small areas of hypointensity within the tumor compared with the signal intensity in the vitreous body ; however, the retinal detachment is isointense to the vitreous body."
28748	Uveal melanoma: correlation of histopathologic and radiologic findings by using thin-section MR imaging with a surface coil	"Moderately pigmented choroidal melanoma of the left eye in a 69-year-old patient. In, ant. = anterior direction, L = lens, R = retina, S = sclera, temp. = temporal direction, V = vitreous body. Ophthalmoscopic image shows a semidark tumor in the center of the image, with extended retinal detachment. A small part of the normal retina and choroid in the cranial direction is visible."
28749	Uveal melanoma: correlation of histopathologic and radiologic findings by using thin-section MR imaging with a surface coil	"Moderately pigmented choroidal melanoma of the left eye in a 69-year-old patient. In, ant. = anterior direction, L = lens, R = retina, S = sclera, temp. = temporal direction, V = vitreous body. Histopathologic preparation (hematoxylin-eosin stain; original magnification, x 200) of an axial section shows the tumor near the optic disk, an absence of optic nerve infiltration, and moderate pigmentation of the melanoma."
28750	Uveal melanoma: correlation of histopathologic and radiologic findings by using thin-section MR imaging with a surface coil	"Amelanotic melanoma of the right eye in a 72-year-old patient. In, ant. = anterior direction, cran. = cranial direction, L = lens, nas. = nasal direction, R = retina, S = sclera, temp. = temporal direction, V = vitreous body. Axial T1-weighted MR image (600/20, 256 x 256 matrix, two acquisitions) shows the signal intensity of the tumor to be nearly isointense to that of the vitreous body. The retinal detachment has a distinctly higher signal intensity."
28751	Uveal melanoma: correlation of histopathologic and radiologic findings by using thin-section MR imaging with a surface coil	"Amelanotic melanoma of the right eye in a 72-year-old patient. In, ant. = anterior direction, cran. = cranial direction, L = lens, nas. = nasal direction, R = retina, S = sclera, temp. = temporal direction, V = vitreous body. Axial T2-weighted image (2,300/90, 240 x 256 matrix, one acquisition) shows the tumor to be hypointense compared with the vitreous body. The retinal detachment is almost isointense to the melanoma."
28752	Uveal melanoma: correlation of histopathologic and radiologic findings by using thin-section MR imaging with a surface coil	"Amelanotic melanoma of the right eye in a 72-year-old patient. In, ant. = anterior direction, cran. = cranial direction, L = lens, nas. = nasal direction, R = retina, S = sclera, temp. = temporal direction, V = vitreous body. Ophthalmoscopic image shows a light melanoma near the temporal edge of the field of view, with an overlying bloody retinal detachment masking the tumor up to the optic disk."
28753	Uveal melanoma: correlation of histopathologic and radiologic findings by using thin-section MR imaging with a surface coil	"Amelanotic melanoma of the right eye in a 72-year-old patient. In, ant. = anterior direction, cran. = cranial direction, L = lens, nas. = nasal direction, R = retina, S = sclera, temp. = temporal direction, V = vitreous body. Histopathologic preparation (hematoxylin-eosin stain; original magnification, x 200) of an axial section shows the amelanotic tumor reaching the optic disk."
29209	"Germ cell tumor: differentiation of viable tumor, mature teratoma, and necrotic tissue with FDG PET and kinetic modeling"	"Images in a 37-year-old man. FDG PET scans obtained after chemotherapy. depicts dramatically decreased FDG uptake (SUVlean decreased from 8.04 to 2.17) despite residual masses seen on the CT scan (arrowheads in ). Histologic examination of residual masses revealed mature teratoma. In, the two intense foci of FDG activity represent labeled beads at the skin surface near the midline and left side of the abdomen."
29501	Intraoperative MR imaging guidance for intracranial neurosurgery: experience with the first 200 cases	"Dynamic contrast-enhanced MR imaging guided resection of possible recurrence of intracranial metastatic disease in a 64-year-old woman. The patient had a recent onset of headaches and progressive visual loss in the left visual field 15 months after undergoing high-dose radiation therapy for an intracranial metastasis from lung cancer. MR imaging demonstrated an irregularly shaped enhancing lesion in the left occipital lobe, which represented a combination of recurrent tumor and gliosis due to radiation changes. The patient is prone. Axial two-dimensional fast spoiled gradient-echo MR image (minimum echo time; flip angle, 45-degree; section thickness, 5 mm; one signal acquired; acquisition time, 1.87 seconds per image) obtained immediately after bolus injection of 20 mL of 0.5 mol/L gadopentetate dimeglumine. A pixel-by-pixel curve fit was performed, and the data were color coded according to the parameters of the fit. This color map has been superimposed on an axial T1-weighted image (600/29, two signals acquired). Foci of early enhancement are shown in magenta, which indicates the likely presence of recurrent tumor."
29508	Intraoperative MR imaging guidance for intracranial neurosurgery: experience with the first 200 cases	"Sagittal T1-weighted MR images (600/29, two signals acquired) show an intracranial cyst in a 34-year-old man. The cyst was localized and drained under intraoperative MR imaging guidance. After 0.1 mL of 0.5 mol/L gadopentetate dimeglumine (curved arrow) was injected into the cyst, no communication with the surrounding CSF was demonstrated. An intracranial catheter (straight arrows) was used to drain the cyst under MR imaging guidance."
30098	Follow-up of breast lesions diagnosed as benign with stereotactic core-needle biopsy: frequency of mammographic change and false-negative rate	"Increase in the number of calcifications. Magnification craniocaudal view from a mammogram in a 47-year-old woman shows clustered pleomorphic microcalcifications (arrows). SCNB histologic analysis revealed fibrocystic change and ductal hyperplasia, with no evidence of malignancy. Microcalcifications were seen in nonproliferative lobules."
30099	Follow-up of breast lesions diagnosed as benign with stereotactic core-needle biopsy: frequency of mammographic change and false-negative rate	Increase in the number of calcifications. Magnification craniocaudal view from the same area on a mammogram obtained 36 months after the original SCNB shows an increase in the number of microcalcifications (arrows). Repeat SCNB yielded blunt ductal adenosis with microcalcifications.
30100	Follow-up of breast lesions diagnosed as benign with stereotactic core-needle biopsy: frequency of mammographic change and false-negative rate	"Increase in the size of a mass. Left craniocaudal mammogram shows a lobulated, 2-cm mass (arrow) in a 36-year-old woman. The mass was not palpable and was diagnosed as a fibroadenoma with SCNB."
30101	Follow-up of breast lesions diagnosed as benign with stereotactic core-needle biopsy: frequency of mammographic change and false-negative rate	"Increase in the size of a mass. Left craniocaudal mammogram obtained at 18 months after the biopsy shows that the mass (arrow), which was clinically palpable, has increased to 3 cm. Excisional biopsy revealed a fibroadenoma with no evidence of malignancy."
30102	Follow-up of breast lesions diagnosed as benign with stereotactic core-needle biopsy: frequency of mammographic change and false-negative rate	"False-negative case. Magnification craniocaudal mammogram in a 45-year-old woman shows calcifications (arrows) in the right breast, which had nonspecific benign SCNB histologic results. Retrieval of calcifications was documented with radiography of specimens, and calcifications were seen on the histologic slides. On the first follow-up mammogram in this patient, which was obtained 11 months after SCNB, the number of calcifications at the biopsy site was decreased."
30103	Follow-up of breast lesions diagnosed as benign with stereotactic core-needle biopsy: frequency of mammographic change and false-negative rate	"False-negative case. Magnification craniocaudal mammogram obtained at the 24-month follow-up examination, however, shows that calcifications (arrows) at the site are increased in number. Excisional biopsy revealed ductal carcinoma in situ with microinvasion."
31416	Liver metastases from melanoma: detection with multiphasic contrast-enhanced CT	"CT images (window center, 70 HU; width, 200 HU) in a 58-year-old man with metastatic melanoma. CT image obtained through the liver during the phase of peak hepatic arterial enhancement shows three enhanced lesions (arrows). The lesions were not present on previous images and are therefore considered to be malignant."
31417	Liver metastases from melanoma: detection with multiphasic contrast-enhanced CT	"CT images (window center, 70 HU; width, 200 HU) in a 58-year-old man with metastatic melanoma. CT image obtained at the same level as during the phase of peak portal venous enhancement shows that the three lesions are less conspicuous but are still visible."
31418	Liver metastases from melanoma: detection with multiphasic contrast-enhanced CT	"CT images (window center, 70 HU; width, 200 HU) in a 51-year-old man with widely metastatic malignant melanoma. CT images were obtained through the level of the hepatic veins during the phases of peak hepatic arterial and"
31419	Liver metastases from melanoma: detection with multiphasic contrast-enhanced CT	"CT images (window center, 70 HU; width, 200 HU) in a 51-year-old man with widely metastatic malignant melanoma. CT images were obtained through the level of the hepatic veins during the phases of peak portal venous enhancement. The true extent of disease is best appreciated in as indicated by the presence of multiple hypoattenuating nodules in the liver."
31420	Liver metastases from melanoma: detection with multiphasic contrast-enhanced CT	"CT images (window center, 70 HU; width, 200 HU) in a 51-year-old man with widely metastatic malignant melanoma. CT images were obtained just above the level of the porta hepatis during the phases of peak hepatic arterial and"
31421	Liver metastases from melanoma: detection with multiphasic contrast-enhanced CT	"CT images (window center, 70 HU; width, 200 HU) in a 51-year-old man with widely metastatic malignant melanoma. CT images were obtained just above the level of the porta hepatis during the phases of peak portal venous enhancement. Lesions are better demonstrated in Multiple splenic lesions (arrows) also are visible. This patient had multiple other sites of disease throughout the chest, abdomen, pelvis, and skeleton."
31427	Primary melanoma of the esophagus: radiologic and clinical findings in six patients	"Gross specimen from a primary melanoma in a 74-year-old man shows a polypoid mass with hemorrhage. (Photograph courtesy of Dr Manjit Bains, Department of Thoracic Surgery, Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center, New York, NY.)"
31661	Diagnosis of breast cancer: contribution of US as an adjunct to mammography	"Mammogram and US scans in a 40-year-old patient with bloody nipple discharge. Transverse US scan shows a 5-mm hypoechoic mass (calipers) in one of these structures. It was presumed to be a papilloma and was classified as a probably benign lesion. The pathologic diagnosis was a 3-cm ductal carcinoma in situ. In and, * = chest wall."
32453	Multicentric and multifocal cancer: whole-breast US in preoperative evaluation	"Multifocal infiltrating and intraductal carcinoma in a 56-year-old woman is best seen at US. Radial sonogram of the inner region of the left breast (9 o'clock position) demonstrates a spiculated mass centrally (calipers) and several adjacent tubular masses. Core-needle biopsy (not shown) that was performed blindly in the surgeon's office yielded cancerization of the lobules. Preoperative US was performed (by drawing on the skin with permanent ink) to mark the area suspected of being involved by tumor. At US of the specimen, the spiculated mass was marked for the pathologist and proved to be infiltrating ductal carcinoma with adjacent multifocal DCIS. Clear margins were achieved. For purposes of the study, three lesions were recorded as being seen at both mammography and US, although all of the lesions were more conspicuous ultrasonographically."
32463	Evaluation of pectoralis major muscle in patients with posterior breast tumors on breast MR images: early experience	"Recurrent infiltrating ductal carcinoma treated with radical mastectomy in a 45-year-old woman. Sagittal, fat-suppressed, three-dimensional, fast multiplanar spoiled gradient-recalled-echo postcontrast MR images (19.7/1.7; flip angle, 30-degree). In the mass obliterates the fat plane (long straight solid arrow), and there is enhancement of the underlying pectoralis major muscle. At surgery, the full thickness of the pectoralis major muscle was involved with tumor. Additional areas of recurrent disease are noted inferiorly (curved arrow in ). Enhancement within the thickened skin (open arrow in ) proved to represent tumor invasion."
32470	Evaluation of pectoralis major muscle in patients with posterior breast tumors on breast MR images: early experience	"postcontrast sagittal, fat-suppressed, three-dimensional, fast multiplanar spoiled gradient-echo MR images (19.7/1.7; flip angle, 30-degree) obtained in a 59-year-old woman with a 2.5-cm mass fixed to the chest wall at palpation (ie, the mass was immobile at physical examination) who had overlying skin thickening at physical examination. The patient underwent breast MR imaging because of concern of fixation to the chest wall. demonstrates a spiculated mass that involves the skin (short arrows). The spiculations (long arrow in ) extend from the mass to the underlying pectoralis major muscle. No abnormal enhancement of the muscle is identified. Histopathologic analysis yielded infiltrating ductal carcinoma without muscle involvement. The presence of spiculations alone was not indicative of involvement."
32838	Gynecomastoid hyperplasia: imaging findings in six patients	"Bilateral mammograms obtained in a 49-year-old nulliparous woman with primary amenorrhea and severely short stature who was receiving hormone replacement therapy and who presented with a new, palpable, retroareolar mass in the right breast. Biopsy revealed gynecomastoid hyperplasia. Mediolateral oblique projections in 1997 demonstrate an enlarging asymmetric density (arrows) in the retroareolar region in the right breast that corresponds to the area of palpable concern (metallic skin BB)."
33250	Metallic punctate densities in the breast after Chinese herbal treatment: mammographic findings	Spot-compression magnification mammogram obtained in a craniocaudal projection in a 58-year-old woman shows clustered metallic punctate densities forming a calcific mass (arrow) in the central portion of the breast. Note the focal thickening and retraction of the skin (arrowhead) secondary to the incision for abscess drainage.
33644	Body CT and oncologic imaging	"A, B, Anteroposterior CT scout images show a new right hilar metastatic lymph node in a 65-year-old woman with known ovarian cancer. Transverse spiral CT images are displayed in C-E, which show rectangular matrices with all text and the gray scale shown on every image, and F-H, which show square matrices with the gray scale and most of the text removed. Three different fields of view were chosen for reconstruction: 1, maximum skin-to-skin; 2, minimum skin-to-skin; and 3, outside rib to outside rib at the lowest level of pulmonary parenchyma. Each image was photographed onto film with the same frame size of four on one. The film images were then photographed for the illustration with exactly the same magnification for each. H, The use of the minimum field of view necessary (outside rib to outside rib) and a square matrix results in the largest image per frame."
34017	Genitourinary imaging: the past 40 years	Chronic testicular torsion in a 29-year-old man with 2-3 days of testicular pain. Anteroposterior delayed nuclear medicine scan obtained with the use of technetium 99m diethylenetriamine pentaacetic acid shows absence of uptake in the testicle with increased flow to the scrotal skin (arrow).
34206	Cavernous sinus invasion by pituitary adenoma: MR imaging	"corresponding line drawing show a prolactin adenoma in a 55-year-old woman. The adenoma has an inferior expansion within the sphenoid bone (arrowheads in ) and one inferolateral expansion toward the left cavernous sinus. The cavernous sinuses are symmetric in size and morphology. The percentage of left intracavernous ICA encasement is only 25%. On this side, the carotid sulcus venous compartment (asterisk in ) is not visible. In, Hypophys. = hypophysis, III = oculomotor nerves. At surgery, a tag of tumoral tissue was found to have invaded the dura and entered the inferior part of the left cavernous sinus."
34894	Spinal dysraphism at MR urography: initial experience	"Recurrent urinary tract infections in a 20-year-old man. Sagittal RARE (2,800/1,100) MR image shows the use of multiplanar imaging to depict the ileal conduit (open arrow) and catheter (long thin straight arrow) to the skin surface. Note also both pelvicaliceal systems (large solid straight arrows) and myelomeningocele (curved arrow)."
35622	Uncommon high-risk lesions of the breast diagnosed at stereotactic core-needle biopsy: clinical importance	"Papilloma. Craniocaudal mammogram of the left breast in a 58-year-old woman shows a new, 9-mm, lobulated, circumscribed mass (arrow)."
35623	Uncommon high-risk lesions of the breast diagnosed at stereotactic core-needle biopsy: clinical importance	"Papilloma. Photomicrograph of the SCNB specimen demonstrates an intracystic papillary lesion in which the predominant feature is the fibrovascular core (arrow), with minimal proliferation of both epithelium and myoepithelium on its surface. (Hematoxylin-eosin stain; original magnification, x 25.)"
35624	Uncommon high-risk lesions of the breast diagnosed at stereotactic core-needle biopsy: clinical importance	Papillary carcinoma. Magnification view of a mammogram of the right breast in a 74-year-old woman shows two clusters of increasing pleomorphic calcifications; the anterior cluster is the lesion of interest (arrow).
35625	Uncommon high-risk lesions of the breast diagnosed at stereotactic core-needle biopsy: clinical importance	"Papillary carcinoma. Photomicrograph demonstrates this intracystic papillary carcinoma (arrow) to be markedly cellular and predominantly epithelial in this SCNB specimen. The posterior cluster of calcifications proved to be cribriform DCIS. (Hematoxylin-eosin stain; original magnification, x 50.)"
35626	Uncommon high-risk lesions of the breast diagnosed at stereotactic core-needle biopsy: clinical importance	Radial scar. Spot compression mammogram in the craniocaudal projection in a 62-year-old woman shows an area of architectural distortion (arrows).
35627	Uncommon high-risk lesions of the breast diagnosed at stereotactic core-needle biopsy: clinical importance	"Radial scar. Photomicrograph of the SCNB specimen demonstrates a radial configuration of the proliferating ducts around the elastotic center (arrow). Each of the individual ducts has hyperplasia but not malignancy within its basement membrane. (Hematoxylin-eosin stain; original magnification, x 50.)"
36228	Intracranial leptomeningeal metastases: comparison of depiction at FLAIR and contrast-enhanced MR imaging	Transverse MR images of leptomeningeal metastases in a 31-year-old woman with melanoma. Gadolinium-enhanced T1-weighted MR image (600/8) has no abnormal enhancement.
36229	Intracranial leptomeningeal metastases: comparison of depiction at FLAIR and contrast-enhanced MR imaging	"Transverse MR images of leptomeningeal metastases in a 31-year-old woman with melanoma. FLAIR image (10,000/147/2,200) demonstrates predominantly left posterior sulcal increased signal intensity (arrowheads)."
37153	Small-bowel obstruction: optimizing radiologic investigation and nonsurgical management	Benefit of nasointestinal tube compared with nasogastric tube for decompression of small-bowel distention secondary to postoperative ileus in a 52-year-old man. Anteroposterior abdominal radiograph obtained 2 days following laparotomy and lysis of adhesions shows distended small bowel and gas in the right side of the colon consistent with postoperative ileus. Note the stapled skin clips of a lower abdominal midline incision. C = cecum.
37174	The use of carbon marking after stereotactic large-core-needle breast biopsy	Typical appearance of the skin mark (closed arrow) 7 weeks after stereotactic biopsy and carbon marking in a 52-year-old patient before surgery. Note the similarity in size and appearance to the freckle (open arrow) in the axilla.
37591	Cutaneous myiasis of the breast: mammographic and us features-report of five cases	Palpable lump with a 20-day history in the right breast in a 42-year-old woman. There were associated inflammatory signs and periareolar drainage of hemorrhagic fluid. Transverse US image obtained with a 7.5-MHz transducer in the lateral retroareolar region of the breast reveals the 1-cm-long elongated hyperechoic structure of an L2 larva surrounded by a hypoechoic rim (arrows) and posterior shadowing. Communication between the hyperechoic structure and skin was identified.
37791	Benign intraductal papilloma: diagnosis and removal at stereotactic vacuum-assisted directional biopsy guided by galactography	Images of a 4-mm benign intraductal papilloma in a 46-year-old woman with recent onset of reproducible dark sanguinous discharge from the right nipple. The mammogram and US image (not shown) were unremarkable. Craniocaudal digital galactogram obtained with the patient in a prone position shows a 4-mm rectangular filling defect (arrow) with a smaller round bubble (arrowhead) immediately inferior to it.
37792	Benign intraductal papilloma: diagnosis and removal at stereotactic vacuum-assisted directional biopsy guided by galactography	Images of a 4-mm benign intraductal papilloma in a 46-year-old woman with recent onset of reproducible dark sanguinous discharge from the right nipple. The mammogram and US image (not shown) were unremarkable. Paired craniocaudal stereotactic images show the filling defect (arrows) and bubble (arrowheads); targeting was performed by using these paired images.
37793	Benign intraductal papilloma: diagnosis and removal at stereotactic vacuum-assisted directional biopsy guided by galactography	"Images of a 4-mm benign intraductal papilloma in a 46-year-old woman with recent onset of reproducible dark sanguinous discharge from the right nipple. The mammogram and US image (not shown) were unremarkable. Paired craniocaudal stereotactic prefire images show the 11-gauge Mammotome probe advanced to a position slightly short of and slightly off-axis to the left of the filling defect (arrows); the probe was tilted toward the 3 o clock position before firing. The off-axis position is preferable when targeting very small objects, since the probe will fire immediately alongside the nodule rather than through it. The main duct (arrowheads) anterior to the defect remains opacified."
37794	Benign intraductal papilloma: diagnosis and removal at stereotactic vacuum-assisted directional biopsy guided by galactography	Images of a 4-mm benign intraductal papilloma in a 46-year-old woman with recent onset of reproducible dark sanguinous discharge from the right nipple. The mammogram and US image (not shown) were unremarkable. Paired craniocaudal stereotactic postfire images obtained after the first sample was taken show the 11-gauge Mammotome probe through the region of the filling defect.
37795	Benign intraductal papilloma: diagnosis and removal at stereotactic vacuum-assisted directional biopsy guided by galactography	Images of a 4-mm benign intraductal papilloma in a 46-year-old woman with recent onset of reproducible dark sanguinous discharge from the right nipple. The mammogram and US image (not shown) were unremarkable. Paired craniocaudal stereotactic postbiopsy images show a cavity at the biopsy site (curved arrows) and a tissue-marking clip (arrowheads) deployed at the 3 o clock position in the wall of the cavity.
38210	Mammographic characteristics of 115 missed cancers later detected with screening mammography and the potential utility of computer-aided detection	Screening mammograms in an 85-year-old woman with large fatty breasts show bilateral calcified vessels. These technically suboptimal screening mammograms were interpreted as negative. Cancer was detected in the right upper outer quadrant on the next scheduled screening mammogram 12 months later. MLO views show deficiencies in mammographic technique on all but the right CC view. The anterior aspect of the breast was not included on the right breast MLO view or the left breast CC view. No pectoral muscle is included in the image field on the left MLO view. A prominent skin fold in the left CC view indicates poor breast compression. None of these technical factors were judged to have affected the detection of the extensive pleomorphic calcifications in the upper outer portion of the right breast (arrows).
40580	Papillary lesions of the breast: evaluation with stereotactic directional vacuum-assisted biopsy	Papilloma. Magnification view of a mammogram of the right breast in a 46-year-old woman demonstrates a 3-mm cluster of heterogeneous microcalcifications with an associated mass (arrow).
40581	Papillary lesions of the breast: evaluation with stereotactic directional vacuum-assisted biopsy	"Papilloma. Photomicrograph of the specimen obtained from the lesion at SDVAB demonstrates an intraductal papilloma (arrow) with branching fronds that are lined by two cell layers and supported by fibrovascular stroma. (Hematoxylin-eosin stain; original magnification, x 40.)"
40582	Papillary lesions of the breast: evaluation with stereotactic directional vacuum-assisted biopsy	Papilloma with ADH. Magnification view of a mammogram of the left breast in a 52-year-old woman shows a 1-cm cluster of pleomorphic microcalcifications with an associated mass (arrow).
40583	Papillary lesions of the breast: evaluation with stereotactic directional vacuum-assisted biopsy	"Papilloma with ADH. Photomicrograph of the specimen obtained from the lesion at SDVAB demonstrates intraductal papilloma (arrow), consisting of multiple dilated ducts containing papillary stalks and coarse microcalcifications. (Hematoxylin-eosin stain; original magnification, x 40.)"
40584	Papillary lesions of the breast: evaluation with stereotactic directional vacuum-assisted biopsy	"Papilloma with ADH. Photomicrograph of the same specimen at higher magnification demonstrates markedly atypical ductal hyperplasia (arrow) in an adjacent duct. (Hematoxylin-eosin stain; original magnification, x 100.)"
40585	Papillary lesions of the breast: evaluation with stereotactic directional vacuum-assisted biopsy	Atypical papilloma with adjacent papillary intraductal carcinoma. Magnification view of a mammogram of the right breast in a 54-year-old woman demonstrates a cluster of pleomorphic calcifications arranged in a linear distribution (arrow).
40586	Papillary lesions of the breast: evaluation with stereotactic directional vacuum-assisted biopsy	DCIS (papillary type). Spot-compression mammogram in the craniocaudal projection in an 85-year-old woman demonstrates a mass (arrow) with partially obscured margins.
40587	Papillary lesions of the breast: evaluation with stereotactic directional vacuum-assisted biopsy	"DCIS (papillary type). Photomicrograph of the excisional biopsy specimen demonstrates papillary intraductal carcinoma (thin arrow) with complex, arborizing papillary branches. Adjacent ducts show low-grade cribriform intraductal carcinoma (thick arrow). (Hematoxylin-eosin stain; original magnification, x 40.)"
41788	Breast US: assessment of technical quality and image interpretation	Repeat antiradial sonogram demonstrates a homogeneous circumscribed hypoechoic mass (arrow) adjacent to the skin. This mass had been stable at mammography for 2 years and had characteristic features of a sebaceous cyst at physical examination.
41790	Breast US: assessment of technical quality and image interpretation	Mediolateral oblique spot-compression magnification mammogram obtained at an outside facility in a 53-year-old woman with a saline breast implant shows an oval 7-mm mass (arrow) with a central lucency characteristic of an intramammary lymph node. Radiopaque marker indicates the site of a skin mole.
41877	Evaluation of patients with jejunostomy tubes: imaging findings	Steep left posterior oblique spot radiograph from study of the J tube obtained in a 19-year-old woman shows extravasation of contrast material around the J tube to the skin. Radiograph shows extravasated water-soluble contrast material (straight arrow) tracking alongside J tube and collecting in gauze pad (curved arrows) on anterior abdominal wall.
41885	MR colonography with barium-based fecal tagging: initial clinical experience	"MR colonographic images obtained in a 48-year-old man undergoing MR colonography with fecal tagging. Coronal source image from 3D gradient-echo data set (1.64/0.6, 15-degree flip angle) collected after administration of water enema and 75 seconds after completion of intravenous administration of gadobenate dimeglumine (0.2 mmol/kg) shows that after fecal tagging, the colonic lumen is homogeneously dark, while stool is sufficiently dark to blend into administered water enema."
41886	MR colonography with barium-based fecal tagging: initial clinical experience	MR colonographic images obtained in a 48-year-old man undergoing MR colonography with fecal tagging. Contrast between dark lumen and bright colonic wall is sufficient for virtual endoscopic rendering.
41887	MR colonography with barium-based fecal tagging: initial clinical experience	"MR colonographic image with fecal tagging (1.64/0.6, 15-degree flip angle), obtained in a 71-year-old man, shows bright stool in transverse colon (arrows) that is of similar signal intensity to enhancing colonic wall. This patient did not comply with the food restriction. Enhancing lesions protruding into colonic lumen cannot be excluded."
41930	Interventional musculoskeletal procedures performed by using MR imaging guidance with a vertically open MR unit: assessment of techniques and applicability	"Sagittal fast gradient-echo MR images (14.7/7.0, 60-degree flip angle) demonstrate fine-needle aspiration biopsy of an upper extremity soft-tissue mass in a 38-year-old pregnant woman with a history of previously treated synovial sarcoma. Finger placement (arrows) helps identify the initial needle entry site on the skin. The mass (arrowheads) is adjacent to and partially extending into the humerus."
41937	Interventional musculoskeletal procedures performed by using MR imaging guidance with a vertically open MR unit: assessment of techniques and applicability	"Drainage of a cervical prevertebral abscess in a 29-year-old Asian-Indian man with a history of dry cough, fevers, and right arm pain and numbness. Transverse fast spin-echo MR image (2,500/105) shows the finger placement (white arrows) technique used to identify a suitable skin entry site for the needle. The prevertebral lesion (arrowheads) is behind the trachea. Vertical linear artifacts (gray arrows in and ) produced from the display monitors are seen on this image and in"
41939	Interventional musculoskeletal procedures performed by using MR imaging guidance with a vertically open MR unit: assessment of techniques and applicability	"Transverse T2-weighted fast spin-echo MR image (2,500/102) demonstrates fine-needle aspiration biopsy of a soft-tissue mass of the knee in a 48-year-old man with a recent history of melanoma. A coaxial approach is seen. The outer 18-gauge needle (white arrows) is penetrating the near portion of the lesion (arrowheads), and the inner 21-gauge aspiration needle (black arrows) is extending into the far portion of the lesion for aspiration sampling. Granulomatous inflammation was seen at pathologic evaluation, and cultures grew M tuberculosis."
42410	"Inflammatory breast carcinoma: mammographic, ultrasonographic, clinical, and pathologic findings in 142 cases"	"Images obtained in a 64-year-old woman with a mass 6 cm in longest diameter in the upper outer quadrant of the left breast, peau d orange, and nipple retraction. Craniocaudal mammogram of the left breast shows diffuse skin thickening (arrowheads), trabecular coarsening, and a spiculated mass (arrows) 5.5 cm in longest diameter in the outer quadrant."
42411	"Inflammatory breast carcinoma: mammographic, ultrasonographic, clinical, and pathologic findings in 142 cases"	"Images obtained in a 64-year-old woman with a mass 6 cm in longest diameter in the upper outer quadrant of the left breast, peau d orange, and nipple retraction. Transverse US scans show marked skin thickening (*) and dilated lymphatic channels (arrows) that are typical of the breast edema pattern. Hypoechoic masses are also seen. Histologic subtype and size: invasive ductal carcinoma, 6 cm in longest diameter."
42414	"Inflammatory breast carcinoma: mammographic, ultrasonographic, clinical, and pathologic findings in 142 cases"	"Images obtained in a 66-year-old woman with a palpable mass in the upper quadrant of the left breast and breast erythema. The right breast was normal. Transverse US scans show that the mass (thick arrow) with irregular contour has invaded the skin (thin arrows). Findings at histopathologic examination of the surgical specimen removed at mastectomy confirmed direct dermal invasion. Histologic subtype and size: invasive ductal carcinoma, 1.7 cm in longest diameter."
42415	"Inflammatory breast carcinoma: mammographic, ultrasonographic, clinical, and pathologic findings in 142 cases"	"Images obtained in a 47-year-old woman with peau d orange. Craniocaudal mammogram of the right breast shows skin thickening (arrows), parenchymal edema, and focal asymmetric density (*) in the outer quadrant. At US, a solid mass 3 cm in longest diameter with irregular contour was seen in this location."
42417	"Inflammatory breast carcinoma: mammographic, ultrasonographic, clinical, and pathologic findings in 142 cases"	"Images obtained in a 47-year-old woman with peau d orange. Transverse US scans of the lower inner quadrant of the right breast show marked skin thickening (*), dilated lymphatic channels (arrowheads), and focal areas of parenchymal acoustic shadowing (arrows). Histologic subtype and size: invasive ductal carcinoma, 3.3 cm in longest diameter."
42418	"Inflammatory breast carcinoma: mammographic, ultrasonographic, clinical, and pathologic findings in 142 cases"	Images obtained in a 50-year-old woman with a subareolar mass 4 cm in longest diameter. The right breast was normal. Craniocaudal mammogram of the left breast shows skin thickening that was seen with bright light (not seen on the image) and a mass (*). The anterior contour of the mass (arrows) is obscured by the fibroglandular tissue opacities; the posterior contour shows irregularity.
42420	"Inflammatory breast carcinoma: mammographic, ultrasonographic, clinical, and pathologic findings in 142 cases"	Images in a 60-year-old woman with peau d orange and a subareolar mass 3 cm in longest diameter. Initial craniocaudal mammogram of the left breast shows skin thickening (arrowheads) and diffuse increased density. Biopsy of the skin disclosed inflammatory carcinoma.
42422	"Inflammatory breast carcinoma: mammographic, ultrasonographic, clinical, and pathologic findings in 142 cases"	"Images in a 60-year-old woman with peau d orange and a subareolar mass 3 cm in longest diameter. Craniocaudal mammogram of the same breast 1 year after neoadjuvant chemotherapy shows that the pattern of edema regressed substantially, although there is still some skin thickening (arrowheads). No mass was depicted at US. Findings at histopathologic examination of the specimen removed at mastectomy showed that the invasive component of the tumor had totally resolved and had left behind only fibrosis and in situ foci."
42497	"MR image analysis of pedal osteomyelitis: distribution, patterns of spread, and frequency of associated ulceration and septic arthritis"	"MR images obtained in a 61-year-old diabetic man with chronic ulceration at the medial aspect of the proximal interphalangeal joint of the second toe. Coronal T1-weighted SE (683/9) image demonstrates interruption of the skin line (arrows), which indicates an ulcer. Hypointense signal intensity (arrowhead) of the bone marrow in the proximal phalanx is suggestive of osteomyelitis."
42498	"MR image analysis of pedal osteomyelitis: distribution, patterns of spread, and frequency of associated ulceration and septic arthritis"	"MR images obtained in a 61-year-old diabetic man with chronic ulceration at the medial aspect of the proximal interphalangeal joint of the second toe. Coronal T2-weighted fast SE fat-suppressed (3,500/77) image demonstrates interruption of the skin line (arrows) to a better extent. Hyperintense signal intensity (arrowhead) of the bone marrow in the proximal phalanx is consistent with osteomyelitis."
42507	"MR image analysis of pedal osteomyelitis: distribution, patterns of spread, and frequency of associated ulceration and septic arthritis"	"MR images obtained in a 24-year-old man with a history of intravenous drug abuse and acute ankle pain without evidence of ulceration or penetrating skin defect. Sagittal T1-weighted SE (600/8) image of the hindfoot shows hypointense swelling (arrows) of the ankle joint, which is compatible with effusion and hypointense signal intensity of the bone marrow of the tibia."
42508	"MR image analysis of pedal osteomyelitis: distribution, patterns of spread, and frequency of associated ulceration and septic arthritis"	"MR images obtained in a 24-year-old man with a history of intravenous drug abuse and acute ankle pain without evidence of ulceration or penetrating skin defect. Sagittal T1-weighted contrast-enhanced fat-suppressed fast multiplanar spoiled gradient-echo image (250/2; flip angle, 90-degree) demonstrates marked enhancement of the synovium (arrows), which is compatible with septic arthritis and diffuse enhancement of the distal tibia, indicating osteomyelitis."
42509	"MR image analysis of pedal osteomyelitis: distribution, patterns of spread, and frequency of associated ulceration and septic arthritis"	"MR images obtained in a 24-year-old man with a history of intravenous drug abuse and acute ankle pain without evidence of ulceration or penetrating skin defect. Sagittal T1-weighted contrast-enhanced fat-suppressed fast multiplanar spoiled gradient-echo image (230/2; flip angle, 90-degree) demonstrates an ovoid lesion (arrow) in the distal tibia epiphysis with rim enhancement, which is compatible with a small intraepiphyseal abscess."
42510	"MR image analysis of pedal osteomyelitis: distribution, patterns of spread, and frequency of associated ulceration and septic arthritis"	"MR images obtained in a 24-year-old man with a history of intravenous drug abuse and acute ankle pain without evidence of ulceration or penetrating skin defect. Coronal T1-weighted contrast-enhanced fat-suppressed fast multiplanar spoiled gradient-echo image (255/2; flip angle, 90-degree) demonstrates a small intraosseous sinus tract (arrow) that extends from the abscess to the articular surface of the tibia."
42718	"Acquired gastrointestinal fistulas: classification, etiologies, and imaging evaluation"	Gastrocutaneous and colocutaneous fistulas. Transverse contrast-enhanced CT scan in a 65-year-old woman with Crohn disease shows unsuspected gastrocutaneous fistula (F). Note soft-tissue thickening (arrowheads) of the abdominal wall and stomach. A focal abdominal bulge was initially thought at clinical examination to be a ventral hernia because overlying skin was still intact at that time.
43162	Painful infection at the site of hip prosthesis: CT imaging	Streptococcal infection of the prosthesis in a 79-year-old woman 5 years after right hip replacement. Transverse CT scan with soft-tissue reconstruction algorithm shows joint distention (curved arrows) and focal areas of low attenuation in the muscle. Extension into the subcutaneous tissues to the skin was confirmed as an abscess (straight arrows) at surgery.
43418	Pedal abscesses in patients suspected of having pedal osteomyelitis: analysis with MR imaging	"MR images in a 73-year-old diabetic patient with a central plantar space abscess that originated from proximal spread of infection along the flexor tendons. Coronal T1-weighted SE image (400/10) of the left forefoot reveals a large skin defect representing an ulcer (between arrowheads). There is an area of hypointense signal (arrow) in the proximal shaft of the fifth metatarsal bone, indicating osteomyelitis."
43426	Pedal abscesses in patients suspected of having pedal osteomyelitis: analysis with MR imaging	"MR images in a 53-year-old man with diabetes who had undergone transmetatarsal amputation of the forefoot 3 months previously and who presented with reulceration at the lateral plantar aspect of the amputation. Sagittal oblique T1-weighted contrast-enhanced fast multiplanar SPGR image (250/2.1; flip angle, 90-degree) of the forefoot reveals a skin defect (arrow) at the anterolateral border of the transmetatarsal amputation."
43600	Invasive lobular carcinoma of the breast: mammographic characteristics and computer-aided detection	Current screening mammogram obtained in a 72-year-old woman. The radiopaque circle in the upper inner quadrant of the left breast is a skin marker. Craniocaudal and
43601	Invasive lobular carcinoma of the breast: mammographic characteristics and computer-aided detection	Current screening mammogram obtained in a 72-year-old woman. The radiopaque circle in the upper inner quadrant of the left breast is a skin marker. mediolateral oblique views of an asymmetric density (arrow) in the upper outer quadrant of the right breast.
43602	Invasive lobular carcinoma of the breast: mammographic characteristics and computer-aided detection	Current screening mammogram obtained in a 72-year-old woman. The radiopaque circle in the upper inner quadrant of the left breast is a skin marker. Low-resolution digitized images of both breasts with CAD markers (*). The CAD system detects the spiculated mass (ILC) in both views. An additional mark (arrow) is present in the subareolar left breast in the mediolateral oblique view only. This area was classified by the interpreting radiologist as superimposed breast tissue.
43603	Invasive lobular carcinoma of the breast: mammographic characteristics and computer-aided detection	"Current screening mammogram obtained in a 72-year-old woman. The radiopaque circle in the upper inner quadrant of the left breast is a skin marker. Digitally magnified images (craniocaudal on the left, mediolateral oblique on the right) demonstrate a 1.5-cm irregular mass (arrows) with spiculation, best seen in the mediolateral oblique view."
44565	Hereditary renal cancers	"TS with AMLs in a 27-year-old woman. Transverse CT image demonstrates numerous bilateral AMLs (arrows). Facial angiofibromas were also present. Renal function was normal despite the number of lesions. Renal manifestations of TS include AMLs, cysts, and occasional renal cancers."
44572	Hereditary renal cancers	Birt-Hogg-Dube syndrome in a 43-year-old man with a history of recurrent pneumothorax. Multiple fibrofolliculomas were present on the face. Transverse chest CT image obtained with the patient prone demonstrates pneumothorax (black arrows) and several pulmonary cysts (white arrows).
44573	Hereditary renal cancers	Birt-Hogg-Dube syndrome in a 43-year-old man with a history of recurrent pneumothorax. Multiple fibrofolliculomas were present on the face. Transverse abdominal CT image demonstrates bilateral solid renal cancers (arrows). Right-sided nephrectomy revealed chromophobe carcinomas.
44741	Screening for cerebral metastases with FDG PET in patients undergoing whole-body staging of non-central nervous system malignancy	"Hypometabolic metastases in a 68-year-old man with melanoma, with underestimation of lesion number. Transverse FDG PET scan shows three hypometabolic lesions in the right cerebral hemisphere. The FDG activity in these lesions is substantially less than that of gray matter. The two larger lesions (arrows) in this image were identified at PET, and other lesions elsewhere in the brain were also identified. However, the smallest lesion (arrowhead) in this image was not prospectively identified at PET, and this resulted in underestimation of lesion number."
44742	Screening for cerebral metastases with FDG PET in patients undergoing whole-body staging of non-central nervous system malignancy	"Hypometabolic metastases in a 68-year-old man with melanoma, with underestimation of lesion number. Transverse T1-weighted contrast-enhanced MR image (600/14) shows three hyperintense masses in the right cerebral hemisphere."
44743	Screening for cerebral metastases with FDG PET in patients undergoing whole-body staging of non-central nervous system malignancy	"Small cortical and subcortical metastases in a 64-year-old man with melanoma that resulted in a false-negative PET scan. Transverse FDG PET scan obtained in a patient with cerebral metastases was interpreted as normal. Even at retrospective review, no abnormal FDG activity was discernable against the background activity of the brain."
44744	Screening for cerebral metastases with FDG PET in patients undergoing whole-body staging of non-central nervous system malignancy	Small cortical and subcortical metastases in a 64-year-old man with melanoma that resulted in a false-negative PET scan. Transverse T1-weighted contrast-enhanced MR image (550/14) shows an 8-mm metastatic lesion (arrow) in the right subinsular region.
44745	Screening for cerebral metastases with FDG PET in patients undergoing whole-body staging of non-central nervous system malignancy	Small cortical and subcortical metastases in a 64-year-old man with melanoma that resulted in a false-negative PET scan. Second transverse FDG PET scan in this patient also showed no focal abnormality of tracer uptake.
44746	Screening for cerebral metastases with FDG PET in patients undergoing whole-body staging of non-central nervous system malignancy	"Small cortical and subcortical metastases in a 64-year-old man with melanoma that resulted in a false-negative PET scan. Corresponding transverse MR image (550/14) shows an additional 5-mm metastasis (arrow) in the cortex of the right parietal lobe. In this case, these undetected lesions resulted in a false-negative PET scan."
45393	Do highly concentrated gadolinium chelates improve MR brain perfusion imaging? Intraindividually controlled randomized crossover concentration comparison study of 0.5 versus 1.0 mol/L gadobutrol	"A, Sagittal scout MR image obtained in a 29-year-old man (weight, 93 kg) shows paraxial position of the images in B and C. B, C, Transverse single-section dynamic susceptibility-weighted gradient-echo MR images (31.7/22, 225 x 300-mm field of view, 48 x 128 acquisition matrix, 128 x 128 image matrix, 6-mm section thickness) of the middle cerebral artery, putamen, cortex, and white matter in the same man. ROIs marked for the arterial input function (B) and in the putamen (C) are shown. D, E, Signal intensity-time curves for 28 mL of the 1.0 mol/L gadobutrol formulation (D) and 56 mL of the 0.5 mol/L gadobutrol formulation (E) in the putamen of the same man."
45395	Do highly concentrated gadolinium chelates improve MR brain perfusion imaging? Intraindividually controlled randomized crossover concentration comparison study of 0.5 versus 1.0 mol/L gadobutrol	"Mean transit time (left), rrCBF (middle), and rrCBV (right) maps obtained after the administration of the 0.5 mol/L (top) and 1.0 mol/L (bottom) gadobutrol formulations in a 36-year-old man."
46573	Assessment of brain metastases with dynamic susceptibility-weighted contrast-enhanced MR imaging: initial results	"Patient 9. Therapy responder. MR images obtained in a 59-year-old female patient with left frontal melanoma metastasis. At 6-week follow-up, the tumor shows a 142% volume increase (arrows), while the regional CBV (rCBV) has a decrease of 85%, indicating a tumor response. Because of patient s agitation, the head was positioned obliquely during the examination. At 3-month follow-up, the volume decreased, with only a mild increase of the regional CBV. At 6-month follow-up, the tumor volume continued to remain stable. The disease was graded as stable."
46953	MR fluoroscopy-guided transthoracic fine-needle aspiration biopsy: feasibility	Infection and fibrosis in the left upper lung lobe of a 21-year-old man. Transverse Transverse MR fluoroscopic image (20/4) shows a finger at the needle entry site on the skin. The arrow is pointing to the paracardiac lesion.
46956	MR fluoroscopy-guided transthoracic fine-needle aspiration biopsy: feasibility	Squamous cell carcinoma in a 57-year-old man. Coronal T1-weighted MR image (200/25) shows a localizer made of fish oil capsules (arrowheads) that is used to determine the biopsy needle entry site on the patient s skin.
48338	Congenital cystic masses of the neck: radiologic-pathologic correlation	Second branchial cleft cyst in a 30-year-old woman with a 14-month history of a mass in the left side of the neck that was unresponsive to antibiotics and that enlarged somewhat the month before surgery. Intraoperative photograph shows the mass and sternocleidomastoid muscle outlined in ink on the skin surface.
48624	Imaging of cardiac transplantation complications	Sternal wire protrusion in a 34-year-old man that developed 17 months after cardiac transplantation. Contrast-enhanced CT scan reveals the tip of a sternal wire (arrow) protruding through the anterior skin surface (arrowheads) and right pleural effusion. The wire was surgically removed and the patient recovered.
49259	Imaging of chest wall disorders	Surgically created fistula from open-window thoracostomy performed in a 60-year-old man who had developed a chronically infected empyema following double lobectomy of the right middle and lower lobes for bronchogenic carcinoma. Drainage procedures and antibiotic therapy proved ineffective. Chest radiograph shows a surgically created fistula between the pleural cavity and the skin (arrows).
50394	From the archives of the AFIP. Imaging of musculoskeletal neurogenic tumors: radiologic-pathologic correlation	Traumatic neuromas that developed after a below-the-knee amputation in a 33-year-old man. Coronal T1-weighted (500/16) MR image shows two masses. The proximal neuroma (terminal type) has an entering tubular tibial nerve (arrowhead) ending in a bulbous expansion (*). Spindle neuroma resulting from chronic irritation of a small superficial nerve (not visible as a distinct structure) at the prosthesis attachment is seen as a nonspecific mass (arrows).
50395	From the archives of the AFIP. Imaging of musculoskeletal neurogenic tumors: radiologic-pathologic correlation	"Traumatic neuromas that developed after a below-the-knee amputation in a 33-year-old man. On an axial T2-weighted (4,300/126) image, the proximal lesion has high signal intensity with a fascicular pattern (arrow)."
50652	Unusual Breast Lesions: Radiologic-Pathologic Correlation	"Dermatomyositis in a 38-year-old woman with a history of scleroderma and dermatomyositis. Left mediolateral oblique mammogram demonstrates bizarre, confluent dystrophic subcutaneous calcifications that obscure most of the breast parenchyma (arrow). No palpable mass was found at clinical examination. BB indicates the location of a mole on the skin."
50662	Unusual Breast Lesions: Radiologic-Pathologic Correlation	Fibromatosis in a 26-year-old woman who presented with a palpable mass in the right breast with concomitant nipple retraction. Right mediolateral oblique mammogram demonstrates a spiculated high-density mass overlying the pectoral muscle in the posterior aspect of the breast simulating cancer (arrow). BB indicates mole. Subsequent excisional biopsy with wide margins revealed an extraabdominal desmoid tumor (fibromatosis).
50663	Unusual Breast Lesions: Radiologic-Pathologic Correlation	"Fibromatosis in a 26-year-old woman who presented with a palpable mass in the right breast with concomitant nipple retraction. Photomicrograph (original magnification, x 100; H-E stain) shows fascicles of bland fibroblasts (arrows) entrapping benign breast lobules (arrowheads) and fat."
50676	Unusual Breast Lesions: Radiologic-Pathologic Correlation	"Primary lymphoma in a 40-year-old woman who presented for routine screening mammography. Left mediolateral oblique mammogram shows a partially well-circumscribed, oval, palpable, high-density mass (arrow). Several small tumor nodules are seen posteriorly (arrowheads). Excisional biopsy revealed a primary large cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma. The patient underwent radiation therapy and chemotherapy and experienced interval resolution of the small posterior nodules."
50677	Unusual Breast Lesions: Radiologic-Pathologic Correlation	"Primary lymphoma in a 40-year-old woman who presented for routine screening mammography. Photomicrograph (original magnification, x 400; H-E stain) demonstrates large cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma of the breast. The lesion is characterized by sheets of cells with large, convoluted nuclei containing prominent nucleoli and scant cytoplasm."
50678	Unusual Breast Lesions: Radiologic-Pathologic Correlation	"Primary lymphoma in a 40-year-old woman who presented for routine screening mammography. Follow-up mammogram obtained 3 years later shows a new bilobed mass posteriorly (arrow). BB indicates mole. A new, small cleaved cell-type non-Hodgkin lymphoma was identified at excisional biopsy."
50679	Unusual Breast Lesions: Radiologic-Pathologic Correlation	"Primary lymphoma in a 40-year-old woman who presented for routine screening mammography. Photomicrograph (original magnification, x 400; H-E stain) shows nodular aggregates of small cleaved lymphocytes. Results of immunologic studies were consistent with small cleaved cell-type non-Hodgkin lymphoma."
50738	"Imaging Spectrum of Extracapsular Silicone: Correlation of US, MR Imaging, Mammographic, and Histopathologic Findings"	"Siliconomas in a 45-year-old woman with a 12-year history of silicone implants. Oblique mammogram after explantation of the ruptured implant shows two hyperdense masses in the posterior breast (arrows), compatible with residual silicone. A wire on the skin marks a scar."
50744	"Imaging Spectrum of Extracapsular Silicone: Correlation of US, MR Imaging, Mammographic, and Histopathologic Findings"	"Local migration of silicone to the axilla in a 45-year-old woman with a 12-year history of silicone implants (same patient as in ). Oblique mammogram of the left breast obtained after removal of the ruptured implant shows dense material in the left axilla (arrows), a finding compatible with residual silicone. A wire on the skin marks a scar."
50871	Recurrent Cervical Carcinoma: Typical and Atypical Manifestations	Enterocutaneous fistula resulting from recurrent cervical carcinoma in a 51-year-old woman who initially underwent radical hysterectomy. Lateral view from a small bowel follow-through study demonstrates a tract of contrast material extending from the ileum to the skin (arrows).
51449	Clinical and radiologic features of pulmonary edema	"Pulmonary edema following administration of a cytokine in a 37-year-old woman with malignant melanoma. The patient was admitted for intraarterial extracorporeal tumor necrosis factor perfusion of the right lower limb. Chest radiograph obtained 48 hours after treatment demonstrates bilateral diffuse pulmonary edema with peribronchial cuffing (arrow), enlarged hila, ill-defined vessels, and pleural effusions. Note the absence of alveolar areas of increased opacity. The infiltrates disappeared within 5 days."
51603	Breast reconstruction with TRAM flaps: normal and abnormal appearances at CT	"Type 2 appearance of reconstructed breasts in a 47-year-old woman 34 months after bilateral reconstruction with pedicle TRAM flaps. CT scan shows fat-attenuation breasts with a thin, curvilinear soft-tissue band (arrows) representing the skin from the abdominal wall flaps."
51605	Breast reconstruction with TRAM flaps: normal and abnormal appearances at CT	Type 3 appearance of reconstructed breasts in a 60-year-old woman with adult respiratory distress syndrome 12 days after bilateral reconstruction with ipsilateral pedicle TRAM flaps. CT scan shows thick soft-tissue bands parallel to the skin surface within the breasts.
51767	Solitary pulmonary nodules: Part I. Morphologic evaluation for differentiation of benign and malignant lesions	Bone island in a 61-year-old man with melanoma. Close-up posteroanterior radiograph of the upper chest shows a focal area of increased opacity overlying the right seventh rib posteriorly (arrow).
51768	Solitary pulmonary nodules: Part I. Morphologic evaluation for differentiation of benign and malignant lesions	Bone island in a 61-year-old man with melanoma. Fluoroscopic images show a well-marginated intraosseous lesion (arrow). This finding is consistent with a bone island and obviated further investigation.
51772	Solitary pulmonary nodules: Part I. Morphologic evaluation for differentiation of benign and malignant lesions	"Cutaneous nodules in a 51-year-old man with neurofibromatosis and prostatic adenocarcinoma. Posteroanterior radiograph shows numerous well-marginated nodular areas of increased opacity projecting over the lower aspect of the thorax and a poorly marginated nodule overlying the upper aspect of the left hemithorax (arrow). Because the location of the upper nodule was uncertain, CT was performed."
51773	Solitary pulmonary nodules: Part I. Morphologic evaluation for differentiation of benign and malignant lesions	Cutaneous nodules in a 51-year-old man with neurofibromatosis and prostatic adenocarcinoma. CT scan helps confirm the intraparenchymal location of the nodule in the left upper lobe.
51774	Solitary pulmonary nodules: Part I. Morphologic evaluation for differentiation of benign and malignant lesions	Cutaneous nodules in a 51-year-old man with neurofibromatosis and prostatic adenocarcinoma. CT scan demonstrates multiple cutaneous nodules.
51820	Solitary pulmonary nodules: Part II. Evaluation of the indeterminate nodule	"Metastatic melanoma in a 40-year-old man. Contrast-enhanced CT scan shows enhancement of 35 HU in a right lung nodule, a finding that is suggestive of malignancy. Metastatic melanoma was confirmed at resection."
52499	Imaging of nontraumatic hemorrhagic hepatic lesions	Hemorrhagic metastases from malignant melanoma in a 25-year-old woman with a palpable mass and RUQ pain. Nonenhanced CT scan shows a large mass with areas of high attenuation involving the right and left hepatic lobes. An additional smaller lesion of high attenuation compresses the inferior vena cava (arrow).
52500	Imaging of nontraumatic hemorrhagic hepatic lesions	Hemorrhagic metastases from malignant melanoma in a 25-year-old woman with a palpable mass and RUQ pain. T1-weighted MR image (repetition time msec/echo time msec = 728/16) shows a well-circumscribed mass with areas of high and low signal intensity. An ill-defined lesion is present in the posterior aspect of the right hepatic lobe (arrow).
52501	Imaging of nontraumatic hemorrhagic hepatic lesions	"Hemorrhagic metastases from malignant melanoma in a 25-year-old woman with a palpable mass and RUQ pain. T2-weighted MR image (6,783/160) shows a persistent area of high signal intensity in the posterior aspect of the mass. In addition, a mass of intermediate signal intensity is identified in the left hepatic lobe (arrow). At surgery, multiple lesions were found in the liver. The dominant lesion in the right lobe had multiple areas of hemorrhage. However, melanin could also produce high signal intensity on T1-weighted images due to its paramagnetic characteristics. The histopathologic diagnosis was hemorrhagic metastatic melanoma. On further evaluation, a cutaneous malignant melanoma was discovered in the patient's back."
52761	Imaging of extrapulmonary tuberculosis	"Tuberculous prostatitis and orchitis in a 69-year-old man with diabetes mellitus. Axial T2-weighted endorectal MR image (4,700/112) shows diffuse, radiating, streaky areas of low signal intensity in the peripheral zone of the prostate (watermelon skin sign) (arrowheads)."
52766	Imaging of extrapulmonary tuberculosis	"Tuberculous mastitis in a 26-year-old woman with clinical findings of acute mastitis. Axial T1-weighted MR mammogram (620/15) shows a hypointense mass (arrow), as well as diffuse skin thickening and parenchymal distortion."
52767	Imaging of extrapulmonary tuberculosis	"Tuberculous mastitis in a 26-year-old woman with clinical findings of acute mastitis. Contrast-enhanced axial T1-weighted MR mammogram (786/15) shows significant enhancement of the mass (arrow), skin, and parenchyma. The diagnosis was confirmed with excisional biopsy."
53419	Radiologic features of vasculitis involving the gastrointestinal tract	"Polyarteritis nodosa in a 42-year-old man with a 1-month history of fever, lower extremity pain, hematuria, and right flank pain. Arteriogram shows microaneurysms in the superior mesenteric arterial branches (arrows). The diagnosis of polyarteritis nodosa was made at skin biopsy and angiography."
53420	Radiologic features of vasculitis involving the gastrointestinal tract	"Microscopic polyangiitis (hypersensitivity vasculitis) in a 44-year-old man who had been treated for a benign esophageal stricture of unknown origin and developed sudden onset of abdominal pain, multiple joint pain, oliguria, and skin pustules following antibiotic therapy with cephalosporin. Contrast-enhanced CT scan shows duodenal wall thickening (arrows) with ascites."
53421	Radiologic features of vasculitis involving the gastrointestinal tract	"Microscopic polyangiitis (hypersensitivity vasculitis) in a 44-year-old man who had been treated for a benign esophageal stricture of unknown origin and developed sudden onset of abdominal pain, multiple joint pain, oliguria, and skin pustules following antibiotic therapy with cephalosporin. Contrast-enhanced CT scan shows bowel wall thickening of the ileum (arrows) with the target sign. Limited ascites is also noted. The diagnosis of microscopic polyangiitis was made at skin biopsy."
53427	Radiologic features of vasculitis involving the gastrointestinal tract	"Systemic lupus erythematosus in a 37-year-old woman who presented with fever, cough, abdominal pain, polyarthralgia, and skin rash. The patient tested positive for antinuclear antibodies. Contrast-enhanced CT scan shows diffuse gastric wall thickening (arrows) with the target sign."
53428	Radiologic features of vasculitis involving the gastrointestinal tract	"Systemic lupus erythematosus in a 37-year-old woman who presented with fever, cough, abdominal pain, polyarthralgia, and skin rash. The patient tested positive for antinuclear antibodies. Contrast-enhanced CT scan shows a similar pattern of bowel wall thickening in the duodenum (arrows) and jejunum (arrowheads) with unaffected segments. The diagnosis of systemic lupus erythematosus was made at renal biopsy."
53911	MR imaging of nontraumatic brachial plexopathies: frequency and spectrum of findings	Melanoma in a 35-year-old man. Axial T1- and T2-weighted
53912	MR imaging of nontraumatic brachial plexopathies: frequency and spectrum of findings	Melanoma in a 35-year-old man. Axial T1- images show a large mass in the right axilla (solid arrows in ) contiguous to and displacing the right brachial plexus (arrowhead in ). Note the subtle areas of increased T1 signal intensity within the mass that are characteristic of melanoma. Open arrow = subclavian artery.
54673	Imaging of osteochondroma: variants and complications with radiologic-pathologic correlation	Subungual exostosis of the great toe in a 21-year-old woman. Clinical photograph shows skin ulceration related to the nail bed (arrow).
55544	"Abnormal signal intensity in skeletal muscle at MR imaging: patterns, pearls, and pitfalls"	"Dermatomyositis in a 19-year-old woman. Axial T2-weighted spin-echo MR image (3,500/80) shows edema in both the thigh musculature (open arrows) and the skin and subcutaneous tissues (solid arrows), an appearance that reflects inflammation of both skin and muscle."
55899	Role of radionuclide imaging in the diagnosis of postoperative infection	Vascular graft infection in a 74-year-old man with a left femoral bypass graft who presented with septicemia. The patient had undergone subtotal colectomy 4 weeks earlier. CT scan depicts only a skin defect extending to the ventral surface of the graft (arrow). The usefulness of CT was limited by metallic hardware in both hips.
56027	Advances in imaging of lymph flow disorders	"Lymphatic hypoplasia in a 39-year-old woman with a 20-year history of right leg lymphedema (lymphedema precox). Lymphangioscintigrams obtained 1 (left), 4 (middle), and 6 (right) hours after injection of radiotracer demonstrate a lack of lymphatic collectors in the right leg with progressive filling of superficial skin lymphatic vessels (dermal backflow), findings that are consistent with lymphatic hypoplasia."
56042	Advances in imaging of lymph flow disorders	Secondary lymphedema of the left leg in a 72-year-old man. The patient had undergone radical prostatectomy for prostate adenocarcinoma 4 years earlier. Lymphangioscintigrams obtained 39 minutes (left) and 5 hours (right) after injection of radiotracer demonstrate very faint dermal backflow in the left calf and thigh on the earlier image and marked accumulation in superficial skin lymphatic vessels on the later image. These findings illustrate the importance of early scintigrams in visualizing the deep lymphatic collectors and of late scintigrams in evaluating dermal backflow in secondary lymphedema.
56062	Advances in imaging of lymph flow disorders	Progressive lymphedema in a 47-year-old man with Kaposi sarcoma and AIDS. Clinical photograph demonstrates Kaposi lesions on the extremities.
56063	Advances in imaging of lymph flow disorders	Progressive lymphedema in a 47-year-old man with Kaposi sarcoma and AIDS. Lymphangioscintigram obtained at the time the clinical photograph was taken (3 hours after injection of radiotracer) shows minimal edema with uninterrupted lymph flow and intact lymphatic vessels but with cutaneous hot spots corresponding to Kaposi lesions (cf ).
56064	Advances in imaging of lymph flow disorders	Progressive lymphedema in a 47-year-old man with Kaposi sarcoma and AIDS. Lymphangioscintigram obtained 5 years later (3 hours after injection of radiotracer) when the patient had considerably more leg edema with Kaposi skin lesions that had progressed to confluence shows marked dermal backflow.
56431	Improved diagnosis of hepatic perfusion disorders: value of hepatic arterial phase imaging during helical CT	"HHT in a 60-year-old man with a family history of HHT, repeated episodes of epistaxis, and telangiectases on the skin and mucosa. Results of liver function tests were normal. Helical CT was performed to investigate vague epigastric pain. CT scan obtained during the HAP shows dilated and tortuous intrahepatic arterial branches (arrows) and mosaic perfusion of the hepatic parenchyma with multiple transient enhancing areas, an appearance that probably corresponds to multiple APSs. On images obtained during the PVP, the liver was homogeneous and the hepatic veins were not dilated."
57311	Unusual lesions of the cerebellopontine angle: a segmental approach	Melanoma in a 58-year-old woman with a left cerebellar syndrome. Axial CT scan shows a hyperattenuating melanoma of the left CPA.
57312	Unusual lesions of the cerebellopontine angle: a segmental approach	Melanoma in a 58-year-old woman with a left cerebellar syndrome. Axial T1-weighted MR image shows a well-defined extraaxial mass at the posterior edge of the petrous bone. The high signal intensity is suggestive of melanin.
57313	Unusual lesions of the cerebellopontine angle: a segmental approach	Melanoma in a 58-year-old woman with a left cerebellar syndrome. Gadolinium-enhanced axial T1-weighted MR image shows a normal left internal auditory canal (arrow) and lack of dural tail enhancement.
57332	Unusual lesions of the cerebellopontine angle: a segmental approach	Choroid plexus papilloma in a 49-year-old woman with vertigo and intracranial hypertension. Axial T2-weighted MR image shows a right CPA papilloma extending through the foramen of Luschka. The tumor contains massive hypointense calcification (arrowhead).
57333	Unusual lesions of the cerebellopontine angle: a segmental approach	Choroid plexus papilloma in a 49-year-old woman with vertigo and intracranial hypertension. Contrast-enhanced axial T1-weighted MR image shows intense enhancement of the hypervascularized tumor. Note the normal choroid plexus in the left foramen of Luschka.
57358	Metastatic involvement of the heart and pericardium: CT and MR imaging	"Metastatic melanoma in a 30-year-old woman. Contrast-enhanced axial CT scan shows a large filling defect within the right atrium, as well as a mass within the left lower lobe of the lung. Both represented metastases, likely hematogenous in origin."
57575	Gallbladder carcinoma: radiologic-pathologic correlation	Metastatic melanoma in a 45-year-old woman with right upper quadrant tenderness. Longitudinal sonogram shows a polypoid mass within the gallbladder.
57576	Gallbladder carcinoma: radiologic-pathologic correlation	Metastatic melanoma in a 45-year-old woman with right upper quadrant tenderness. Photograph of the bisected specimen shows melanotic pigmentation in the gallbladder mass.
57714	"Retrorectal developmental cysts in adults: clinical and radiologic-histopathologic review, differential diagnosis, and treatment"	"Dermoid cyst in a 44-year-old woman with a history of chronic rectal fistula. Contrast-enhanced axial CT scan shows a thick-walled, unilocular cystic lesion in the retrorectal space (arrows); the cyst contains air due to a rectal fistula. Note the slightly hyperattenuating content, which may be due to skin appendages."
57764	Imaging of musculoskeletal fibromatosis	Recurrent aggressive fibromatosis of the foot in a 17-year-old girl. Clinical photograph shows the mass and secondary ulceration of the skin (arrowheads) from secondary infection. Amputation was performed due to the extensive infiltrative nature of the lesion.
57776	Neurofibromatosis type 1: a diagnostic mimicker at CT	"CT scan obtained in a 29-year-old man demonstrates multiple low-attenuation neurofibromas in the superior mediastinum and axilla. The differential diagnosis includes lymphoma, tuberculosis, Mycobacterium avium-intracellulare complex infection, sarcoid, and metastatic testicular cancer."
57777	Neurofibromatosis type 1: a diagnostic mimicker at CT	CT scan obtained in a different patient shows multiple large prevascular and paratracheal neurofibromas.
57778	Neurofibromatosis type 1: a diagnostic mimicker at CT	CT scan obtained in a 22-year-old man who presented with dysphagia demonstrates paraesophageal and pleura-based neurofibromas (arrows). Metastatic esophageal cancer and invasive thymoma may have a similar appearance.
57779	Neurofibromatosis type 1: a diagnostic mimicker at CT	"CT scan obtained in a 29-year-old woman shows paraspinal neurofibromas (arrow) simulating disease processes including fibrous pleural tumors, metastatic pleural implants, and extramedullary hematopoiesis."
57780	Neurofibromatosis type 1: a diagnostic mimicker at CT	CT scan demonstrates an apical neurofibroma (arrow) simulating a Pancoast tumor.
57781	Neurofibromatosis type 1: a diagnostic mimicker at CT	"CT scan obtained in a different patient shows an intercostal neurofibroma (arrow) causing rib destruction and simulating a pleura-based mass such as pulmonary or metastatic adenocarcinoma, plasmacytoma, or pulmonary infection (eg, nocardiosis, actinomycosis)."
57782	Neurofibromatosis type 1: a diagnostic mimicker at CT	"CT scan obtained in a 29-year-old woman demonstrates a plexiform neurofibroma invading the anterior chest wall. The lesion simulates other processes such as metastatic disease, soft-tissue sarcoma, or chondrosarcoma."
57783	Neurofibromatosis type 1: a diagnostic mimicker at CT	CT scan obtained in a fourth patient shows a pedunculated intercostal neurofibroma (arrow) mimicking a solitary pulmonary nodule.
57784	Neurofibromatosis type 1: a diagnostic mimicker at CT	"CT scan obtained in a 44-year-old man with known NF1 and severe scoliosis demonstrates an associated large, lateral thoracic meningocele (arrows) simulating a lung abscess or neurenteric cyst. The meningocele had become infected and was causing fever."
57785	Neurofibromatosis type 1: a diagnostic mimicker at CT	"CT scan obtained in a different patient shows a smaller meningocele with spinal involvement (arrow) mimicking a destructive thoracic vertebral lesion such as metastatic disease, myeloma, or tuberculous spondylitis."
57787	Neurofibromatosis type 1: a diagnostic mimicker at CT	CT scan demonstrates multiple neurofibromas (arrow) simulating enlarged lymph nodes in the retrocrural space and gastrohepatic ligament.
57788	Neurofibromatosis type 1: a diagnostic mimicker at CT	CT scan obtained in a different patient demonstrates neurofibromas (arrow) simulating extensive celiac adenopathy.
57789	Neurofibromatosis type 1: a diagnostic mimicker at CT	"CT scan obtained in a 25-year-old woman shows a retroperitoneal plexiform neurofibroma (arrowhead) simulating other entities such as lymphoma, metastatic disease, or soft-tissue sarcoma."
57790	Neurofibromatosis type 1: a diagnostic mimicker at CT	CT scan obtained in a fourth patient demonstrates a neurofibroma (arrow) simulating retrocrural adenopathy.
57799	Neurofibromatosis type 1: a diagnostic mimicker at CT	CT scan obtained in a 60-year-old woman with a history of pelvic surgery for endometrial carcinoma shows a presacral neurofibroma (arrow) simulating recurrent disease.
57803	Neurofibromatosis type 1: a diagnostic mimicker at CT	"CT scan obtained in a 31-year-old woman demonstrates neurofibromas causing sacral destruction. The differential diagnosis includes primary bone malignancies such as giant cell tumor, chordoma, lymphoma, and metastasis."
57805	Neurofibromatosis type 1: a diagnostic mimicker at CT	CT scan demonstrates a large sciatic nerve neurofibroma (arrow) simulating primary or metastatic soft-tissue sarcoma. Scattered low-attenuation lesions represent additional neurofibromas.
57806	Neurofibromatosis type 1: a diagnostic mimicker at CT	CT scan obtained in a 29-year-old woman shows neurofibromas simulating multiple areas of myositis or pyomyositis.
57840	A variety of appearances of malignant melanoma in the head: a review	"Melanotic pattern of melanoma in a 54-year-old man who developed brain metastases almost 9 years after resection of an acral lentiginous melanoma of the distal thumb. Nonenhanced axial T1-weighted MR image (repetition time msec/echo time msec = 800/16, one signal acquired) shows two peripherally located nodules (arrows), both of which are hyperintense. There was probable mild enhancement after administration of contrast material."
57841	A variety of appearances of malignant melanoma in the head: a review	"Melanotic pattern of melanoma in a 54-year-old man who developed brain metastases almost 9 years after resection of an acral lentiginous melanoma of the distal thumb. Axial T2-weighted MR image (4,500/95, one signal acquired) obtained at the same level shows the nodules to be hypointense (arrows) with mild surrounding reaction (arrowheads)."
57842	A variety of appearances of malignant melanoma in the head: a review	"Amelanotic pattern of melanoma in a 40-year-old man with brain metastases. Nonenhanced axial T1-weighted MR image (450/11, two signals acquired) shows a lesion that is mildly hypointense (arrow) and lesions that are only faintly seen (arrowheads)."
57843	A variety of appearances of malignant melanoma in the head: a review	"Amelanotic pattern of melanoma in a 40-year-old man with brain metastases. Contrast material-enhanced axial T1-weighted MR image (650/11, two signals acquired) shows that the lesions enhance, although there are nonenhancing and less enhancing areas as well in the larger lesion (arrow), which are possibly related to areas of necrosis."
57844	A variety of appearances of malignant melanoma in the head: a review	"Amelanotic pattern of melanoma in a 40-year-old man with brain metastases. Axial T2-weighted MR image (4,000/96, two signals acquired) shows that the largest lesion is heterogeneous (arrow), with areas of high signal intensity as well as areas that are isointense to the brain. The patient s two largest lesions, including the right parietal one shown in -, were resected, and they were amelanotic at histopathologic evaluation."
57845	A variety of appearances of malignant melanoma in the head: a review	"Small, rapidly growing metastases in a 49-year-old man with multiple pigmented lesions all over his body. A melanoma was resected from his upper back 1 year earlier (April 16, 1997). Contrast-enhanced axial T1-weighted MR image of the inferior temporal lobes and coronal T1-weighted MR image of the posterior occipital lobes"
57846	A variety of appearances of malignant melanoma in the head: a review	"Small, rapidly growing metastases in a 49-year-old man with multiple pigmented lesions all over his body. A melanoma was resected from his upper back 1 year earlier (April 16, 1997). Contrast-enhanced axial T1-weighted MR image of the inferior temporal lobes (750/20, one signal acquired) (both obtained March 4, 1998) show two subtle lesions. Tiny areas of possible enhancement are seen but were thought to represent artifact or vessels. The tiny hyperintense focus in the right temporal lobe (arrow in ) is within an area of artifact and was thought to be artifactual or related to a vessel. The hyperintense focus in the left occipital lobe (arrow in ) was seen only on coronal images and therefore was of only low suspicion and was thought to probably represent a vessel."
57847	A variety of appearances of malignant melanoma in the head: a review	"Small, rapidly growing metastases in a 49-year-old man with multiple pigmented lesions all over his body. A melanoma was resected from his upper back 1 year earlier (April 16, 1997). Contrast-enhanced axial T1-weighted MR image (similar level and same parameters as in ) and coronal T1-weighted MR image (same level and parameters as in )"
57848	A variety of appearances of malignant melanoma in the head: a review	"Small, rapidly growing metastases in a 49-year-old man with multiple pigmented lesions all over his body. A melanoma was resected from his upper back 1 year earlier (April 16, 1997). Contrast-enhanced axial T1-weighted MR image (similar level and same parameters as in ) (both obtained April 22, 1998) show definite lesions (arrow), which appear as small enhancing nodules."
57849	A variety of appearances of malignant melanoma in the head: a review	"Small, rapidly growing metastases in a 31-year-old woman in whom a malignant melanoma of the right thigh was diagnosed in May 1995 (Clark level IV, 4 mm thick). Contrast-enhanced axial T1-weighted MR image (500/24, one signal acquired) (obtained June 13, 1997) shows subtle foci of enhancement along the margins of the lateral ventricles (arrows). These foci could easily be mistaken for the normal vessels that are often seen in this location."
57850	A variety of appearances of malignant melanoma in the head: a review	"Small, rapidly growing metastases in a 31-year-old woman in whom a malignant melanoma of the right thigh was diagnosed in May 1995 (Clark level IV, 4 mm thick). Axial T2-weighted MR image (4,500/95, one signal acquired) (obtained June 13, 1997) shows the foci as subtle protrusions into the cerebrospinal fluid (arrows), which could still be normal vessels."
57851	A variety of appearances of malignant melanoma in the head: a review	"Small, rapidly growing metastases in a 31-year-old woman in whom a malignant melanoma of the right thigh was diagnosed in May 1995 (Clark level IV, 4 mm thick). Contrast-enhanced axial T1-weighted MR image (600/17, one signal acquired) of the superior aspects of the bodies of the lateral ventricles (obtained September 9, 1997) shows much larger subependymal nodules (arrows)."
57852	A variety of appearances of malignant melanoma in the head: a review	"Metastasis to the clivus in a 56-year-old woman who was treated for a primary melanoma of the left globe 2 years earlier. Additional staging performed before acquisition of these images showed diffuse metastatic disease to the lungs, liver, and abdominal wall; subcutaneous nodules; a 1.8-cm-diameter pontine lesion; and multiple bone metastases, including metastases to the spine. Nonenhanced sagittal T1-weighted MR image (550/25, two signals acquired) shows a hypointense lesion within the clivus (arrows), with upward bowing of the floor of the sella and mild extension into the sphenoid sinus as well as posteriorly."
57853	A variety of appearances of malignant melanoma in the head: a review	"Metastasis to the clivus in a 56-year-old woman who was treated for a primary melanoma of the left globe 2 years earlier. Additional staging performed before acquisition of these images showed diffuse metastatic disease to the lungs, liver, and abdominal wall; subcutaneous nodules; a 1.8-cm-diameter pontine lesion; and multiple bone metastases, including metastases to the spine. Contrast-enhanced axial T1-weighted MR image (620/10, three signals acquired) shows enhancement of the pontine metastasis (crossed arrow) and of the clival lesion (regular arrow)."
57854	A variety of appearances of malignant melanoma in the head: a review	"Presumed metastasis to the left pterygoid muscles in a 69-year-old woman in whom malignant melanoma of the vulva had been diagnosed. Nonenhanced axial T1-weighted MR image (800/16, one signal acquired) shows a slightly hyperintense lesion involving both left pterygoid muscles (arrow). The mass showed little enhancement after administration of contrast material."
57855	A variety of appearances of malignant melanoma in the head: a review	"Nasopharyngeal metastasis in a 59-year-old man with widely metastatic malignant melanoma. Contrast-enhanced axial T1-weighted MR image (750/20, one signal acquired) shows a moderately hyperintense mass in the right side of the nasopharynx (black arrow). This mass is presumably causing the right mastoid disease (white arrow). Also note the small, slightly hyperintense lesion in the left temporalis muscle (arrowhead). After administration of contrast material, the lesion blended with the adjacent mucosa."
57856	A variety of appearances of malignant melanoma in the head: a review	"Paraglandular parotid metastases in a 41-year-old man with a growth in the left temporal region that appeared 2 months before imaging was performed. He developed a left facial palsy, and further staging done at that time showed metastases to the lungs and liver. Nonenhanced axial T1-weighted MR image (750/20, one signal acquired) shows a mass (arrows), which is mildly hyperintense relative to the adjacent parotid gland. There was no definite enhancement after contrast material administration."
57857	A variety of appearances of malignant melanoma in the head: a review	"Paraglandular parotid metastases in a 41-year-old man with a growth in the left temporal region that appeared 2 months before imaging was performed. He developed a left facial palsy, and further staging done at that time showed metastases to the lungs and liver. Axial T2-weighted MR image (7,000/112, one signal acquired) shows that the lesion (arrows) is hypointense relative to the parotid gland."
57858	A variety of appearances of malignant melanoma in the head: a review	"Paraglandular parotid metastases in a 41-year-old man with a growth in the left temporal region that appeared 2 months before imaging was performed. He developed a left facial palsy, and further staging done at that time showed metastases to the lungs and liver. Nonenhanced coronal T1-weighted MR image (750/20, one signal acquired) shows multiple masses (arrows) related to and adjacent to the parotid gland. The masses are hyperintense relative to the gland. Many of these nodes are probably paraglandular, which is the more common site of involvement."
57861	A variety of appearances of malignant melanoma in the head: a review	Metastasis to the choroid plexus in a 32-year-old man in whom melanoma was diagnosed after 3 days of headaches. CT of the head performed at that time showed a mass that involved the choroid plexus and innumerable pulmonary nodules as well as liver metastases. The choroid plexus lesion was treated with a gamma ray knife. Posttreatment contrast-enhanced axial CT scan of the trigones of the lateral ventricles shows an enhancing mass involving the left choroid plexus (arrows). The mass is smaller than it was before therapy with the gamma ray knife.
57864	A variety of appearances of malignant melanoma in the head: a review	"Orbital metastasis with involvement of the medial rectus muscle in a 50-year-old man in whom melanoma of the left shoulder and upper back was diagnosed 5-6 years earlier. Nonenhanced axial CT scan (3-mm section thickness) obtained for stereotactic localization on September 23, 1997, shows a mass with attenuation similar to that of muscle in the medial aspect of the left orbit (black arrow). The mass appears to involve the medial rectus muscle (arrowhead) and extends to and slightly displaces the optic nerve (white arrow)."
57865	A variety of appearances of malignant melanoma in the head: a review	"Orbital metastasis with involvement of the medial rectus muscle in a 50-year-old man in whom melanoma of the left shoulder and upper back was diagnosed 5-6 years earlier. Contrast-enhanced axial T1-weighted MR image (500/15, one signal acquired) (also obtained for stereotactic localization on September 23, 1997) shows that the mass (white arrow) appears to involve the medial rectus muscle (arrowhead) and affects the optic nerve (black arrow). The mass is mildly hyperintense with respect to brain tissue."
57866	A variety of appearances of malignant melanoma in the head: a review	"Eyelid metastasis in a 54-year-old woman in whom acral lentiginous melanoma of the right foot was diagnosed 11 years earlier; metastatic disease developed in 1992. At the time these images were obtained, the patient had pain during downward and straight-ahead gazing. A right upper eyelid lesion was seen at examination. Nonenhanced axial T1-weighted MR image (750/20, one signal acquired) shows a small mass along the lateral aspect of the right eyelid (arrow). The mass is mildly hyperintense with respect to brain tissue."
57867	A variety of appearances of malignant melanoma in the head: a review	"Eyelid metastasis in a 54-year-old woman in whom acral lentiginous melanoma of the right foot was diagnosed 11 years earlier; metastatic disease developed in 1992. At the time these images were obtained, the patient had pain during downward and straight-ahead gazing. A right upper eyelid lesion was seen at examination. Axial T2-weighted MR image (4,000/105, one signal acquired) shows that the lesion (arrow) is hypointense with respect to brain tissue."
57868	A variety of appearances of malignant melanoma in the head: a review	"Probable metastasis of the globe in a 54-year-old woman in whom acral lentiginous melanoma of the right foot was diagnosed 11 years earlier; metastatic disease developed in 1992 (same patient as in Fig 13). A dome-shaped, pigmented mass with a collar-button appearance and measuring 8 x 5 mm was seen in the inferior temporal quadrant of the right globe. The mass was compatible with a primary or secondary choroidal melanoma; given the patient s history, it was thought to most likely represent metastatic disease. Contrast-enhanced axial T1-weighted MR image (750/20, one signal acquired) shows an enhancing lesion along the posterior aspect of the right globe (arrow)."
57869	A variety of appearances of malignant melanoma in the head: a review	"Probable metastasis of the globe in a 54-year-old woman in whom acral lentiginous melanoma of the right foot was diagnosed 11 years earlier; metastatic disease developed in 1992 (same patient as in Fig 13). A dome-shaped, pigmented mass with a collar-button appearance and measuring 8 x 5 mm was seen in the inferior temporal quadrant of the right globe. The mass was compatible with a primary or secondary choroidal melanoma; given the patient s history, it was thought to most likely represent metastatic disease. Axial T2-weighted MR image (4,000/105, one signal acquired) shows that the lesion is hypointense (arrow)."
57878	Scintimammography in patients with minimal mammographic or clinical findings	Case 3. Metastatic invasive ductal carcinoma to the right pectoral muscle in a 51-year-old woman who had undergone lumpectomy and radiation therapy for DCIS 3 years earlier. Mediolateral oblique mammogram of the right breast shows new calcifications at the surgical site (marked with wire on skin [long arrow]) and in the pectoral muscle and axillary nodes (short arrows).
58263	"Spectrum of pulmonary aspergillosis: histologic, clinical, and radiologic findings"	Cutaneous Kaposi sarcoma in a 34-year-old homosexual man with AIDS. Thin-section CT scan shows multiple hemorrhagic pulmonary nodules with an associated halo sign.
58988	MR imaging of the male and female urethra	Malignant melanoma in a 64-year-old woman. Axial T2-weighted image shows an ill-defined mass of intermediate signal intensity (arrows) in the distal urethra. The mass infiltrates into adjacent periurethral soft tissues.
59128	US of soft-tissue foreign bodies and associated complications with surgical correlation	"Wood splinter in the volar surface of the hand in a 37-year-old man. Longitudinal sonogram shows an echogenic foreign body (large arrows) 6 mm deep to the skin surface. Slight posterior acoustic shadowing (small arrows) and reverberation (arrowheads) are noted. US was used for preoperative localization and skin marking. A wood splinter was surgically removed from the thenar eminence without complications. On all US images, the skin surface is at the top of the image."
59132	US of soft-tissue foreign bodies and associated complications with surgical correlation	Oak splinter in the distal finger in a 55-year-old man. Transverse sonogram shows a 15-mm-long hyperechoic structure (between cursors) located 5 mm deep to the volar skin surface and superficial to the cortex of the distal tuft (arrowhead). A wood splinter was removed in the emergency department without complication.
59194	Nerves of the thorax: atlas of normal and pathologic findings	Pancoast tumor in a 62-year-old man with Horner syndrome. Axial CT scan obtained at the level of T3 shows the tumor abutting the sympathetic chain. The second intercostal nerve lies above the third rib (gold arrowhead). Damage can cause loss of sensation to the skin of the armpit and the area overlying the second intercostal space.
60007	Benign intratesticular cystic lesions: US features	"Testicular abscess in a 38-year-old man. Longitudinal US scan shows a complex hypoechoic mass with an irregular margin. There is no through transmission, but there is a small, associated, reactive hydrocele and skin thickening."
60014	MR imaging of the penis	"Normal penile anatomy in a 20-year-old man. Axial T2-weighted image (5,000/96 [repetition time msec/echo time msec]) shows the paired corpora cavernosa surrounded by the Buck fascia and the tunica albuginea, which at MR imaging appear as a single hypointense border to the cavernosa (small straight black arrow). The central arteries of the corpora cavernosa (large curved black arrows) and the septum (thin arrow) that divides the corpora cavernosa are also seen. The flattened, nondistended urethra is seen within the unpaired ventral corpus spongiosum (small curved black arrow). The hypointense tunica dartos (straight white solid arrow) is present, just deep to the skin. Midline within the connective tissue, deep to the tunica dartos, lies the dorsal vein of the penis (curved white arrow). The epidermis is hyperintense relative to the dartos at T2 weighting and is the most external layer (open arrow)."
60020	MR imaging of the penis	"Penile squamous cell carcinoma in a 37-year-old man. Axial T2-weighted MR image (4,300/135) shows a heterogeneous high-signal-intensity mass (black arrow), a squamous cell carcinoma, replacing the majority of the base of the penis. The penile bulb can be identified (white arrow)."
60021	MR imaging of the penis	Penile squamous cell carcinoma in a 37-year-old man. Sagittal T2-weighted MR image shows the extent of the mass (black arrows). A transperineal catheter is also apparent (white arrows).
60048	MR imaging of the penis	"Penile prosthesis and postimplantation infection in a 40-year-old man. Sagittal T2-weighted MR image (4,000/90) shows an infected fistulous track to the skin (arrows). No discrete fluid collection was present."
60202	Forefoot pain involving the metatarsal region: differential diagnosis with MR imaging	Foreign body granuloma in a 26-year-old man. Coronal proton-density-weighted MR image reveals a low-signal-intensity nodular lesion in the subcutaneous fat at the plantar aspect of the ball of the foot (long arrows). A channel communicating with the skin surface is also seen (short arrows).
61653	Lymphoscintigraphy in cutaneous melanoma: a total body atlas of sentinel node mapping	Stage T2 lesion of the left breast in a 43-year-old woman. Immediate anterior image obtained with the patient s left arm elevated shows formation of a lymphatic channel (arrow).
61654	Lymphoscintigraphy in cutaneous melanoma: a total body atlas of sentinel node mapping	Stage T2 lesion of the left breast in a 43-year-old woman. Repeat anterior image obtained 5 minutes later reveals an axillary node (arrow).
61655	Lymphoscintigraphy in cutaneous melanoma: a total body atlas of sentinel node mapping	Stage T2 lesion of the left breast in a 43-year-old woman. Delayed left lateral image obtained 20 minutes later shows the original node (long arrow) and two additional axillary nodes (short arrows). A scan of the abdomen (not shown) revealed no abdominal or pelvic nodes. None of the axillary lymph nodes contained tumor cells at histologic analysis.
61839	Fast MR imaging in obstetrics	Hydatidiform mole in a 29-year-old woman. Axial fat-suppressed T1-weighted and fat-suppressed T2-weighted and heterogeneous marked high signal intensity on the T2-weighted image and high signal intensity on the T2-weighted image and intermediate and low signal intensity on the T2-weighted image
61840	Fast MR imaging in obstetrics	Hydatidiform mole in a 29-year-old woman. Axial fat-suppressed T1-weighted MR images show a molar mass (long arrows) in the distended endometrial cavity with attachment to the anterior wall of the uterine body (arrowheads). The mass has intermediate signal intensity on the T1-weighted image.. Bloody fluid in the endometrial cavity has markedly high and intermediate signal intensity on the T1-weighted images. Note the distortion of the anterior wall of the uterine body due to a contraction (open arrow in ).
61841	Fast MR imaging in obstetrics	Hydatidiform mole in a 29-year-old woman. Axial and coronal and high signal intensity on the T2-weighted image and intermediate and low signal intensity on the T2-weighted image
61842	Fast MR imaging in obstetrics	Hydatidiform mole in a 29-year-old woman. Axial contrast-enhanced fat-suppressed T1-weighted MR images show numerous small cystic areas within the mass (long solid arrows in ). The normal myometrium surrounds the mass. A hematoma (short solid arrows) within the mass has intermediate signal intensity with peripheral markedly high signal intensity on the T1-weighted images
61843	Fast MR imaging in obstetrics	Invasive mole in a 37-year-old woman. Axial fat-suppressed T2-weighted MR image shows a large mass with marked high signal intensity (long arrows) that distends the endometrial cavity. The mass invades the myometrium along the right and fundal wall of the uterus and extends into the right side of the parametrium (short arrows).
61844	Fast MR imaging in obstetrics	"Invasive mole in a 37-year-old woman. Axial contrast-enhanced fat-suppressed T1-weighted MR image shows that the mass (long arrows) consists of mixed small cystic areas and intensely enhanced areas and invades the myometrium and parametrium on the right side of the uterus (short arrows). Serpentine signal voids (arrowheads), which are suggestive of dilated vessels, are seen within the adjacent myometrium and parametrium."
61845	Fast MR imaging in obstetrics	Invasive mole in a 46-year-old woman 8 days after dilation and curettage. Sagittal fat-suppressed T2-weighted MR image shows an ill-defined mass with mixed signal intensity (long arrows) within the myometrium. Multiple small signal voids suggestive of enlarged vessels are seen (arrowheads). The zonal anatomy is partially obscured in this area. Diffuse low signal intensity is seen along the posterior wall (short arrows).
61846	Fast MR imaging in obstetrics	"Invasive mole in a 46-year-old woman 8 days after dilation and curettage. Sagittal contrast-enhanced dynamic MR image (early phase) shows marked enhancement (arrows) along the fundal wall of the myometrium. This enhanced area probably indicates viable tumor. Areas with no enhancement (+) are suggestive of necrosis or hemorrhage. Hysterectomy was performed, and an invasive mole deep within the myometrium was found at histologic examination. The diffusely hypointense area on the T2-weighted image (short arrows in ) probably correlates with adenomyosis, which was seen in the specimen."
63641	Thoracic complications of illicit drug use: an organ system approach	"Necrotizing fasciitis in a 42-year-old man with a history of skin popping. Axial T2-weighted MR image (2,500/80) reveals high signal intensity throughout the pectoralis major muscle (arrows) and within the musculature in the medial compartment of the upper left arm."
63642	Thoracic complications of illicit drug use: an organ system approach	"Necrotizing fasciitis in a 42-year-old man with a history of skin popping. Axial contrast-enhanced T1-weighted MR image (500/40) shows extensive enhancement of the left pectoralis major muscle (large arrow) and surrounding tissues, as well as within the musculature of the medial portion of the upper left arm (small arrows)."
63662	Viral pneumonias in adults: radiologic and pathologic findings	"Pneumonia due to varicella-zoster virus in a 30-year-old man with a fever and skin rash. Thin-section (1-mm collimation) CT scan obtained at the level of the bronchus intermedius shows multiple 1-2-mm-diameter nodules scattered throughout both lungs. (Courtesy of Dong Wook Sung, MD, Kyung Hee University Hospital, Seoul, Korea.)"
63812	Nonneoplastic lesions of the tracheobronchial wall: radiologic findings with bronchoscopic correlation	Postintubation stenosis. Conventional radiographs obtained in a 42-year-old man and a 70-year-old woman
63813	Nonneoplastic lesions of the tracheobronchial wall: radiologic findings with bronchoscopic correlation	Postintubation stenosis. Conventional radiographs obtained in a 42-year-old man demonstrate focal subglottic stenosis (arrow) that resulted from prolonged intubation.
63814	Nonneoplastic lesions of the tracheobronchial wall: radiologic findings with bronchoscopic correlation	Postintubation stenosis. Corresponding bronchoscopic image obtained in the same patient as in shows marked subglottic narrowing.
63815	Nonneoplastic lesions of the tracheobronchial wall: radiologic findings with bronchoscopic correlation	Posttuberculous stenosis in a 24-year-old woman. Conventional radiograph and CT scan
63816	Nonneoplastic lesions of the tracheobronchial wall: radiologic findings with bronchoscopic correlation	Posttuberculous stenosis in a 24-year-old woman. Conventional radiograph show a focal stricture (arrow) at the proximal left main bronchus beginning just distal to the carina. The remainder of the bronchus is also narrowed and irregular. Volume has been lost from the left lower lobe.
63817	Nonneoplastic lesions of the tracheobronchial wall: radiologic findings with bronchoscopic correlation	Posttuberculous stenosis in a 24-year-old woman. Bronchoscopic image also shows the focal stenosis (arrow).
63818	Nonneoplastic lesions of the tracheobronchial wall: radiologic findings with bronchoscopic correlation	Postinflammatory stenosis due to Coccidioides infection in a 35-year-old man. Conventional radiograph shows a long segment of narrowing that involves the left main bronchus (arrowheads).
63819	Nonneoplastic lesions of the tracheobronchial wall: radiologic findings with bronchoscopic correlation	Postinflammatory stenosis due to Coccidioides infection in a 35-year-old man. Bronchoscopic image shows a stricture at the origin of the left main bronchus (arrow).
63820	Nonneoplastic lesions of the tracheobronchial wall: radiologic findings with bronchoscopic correlation	Posttransplantation stenosis in a 45-year-old woman who had undergone bilateral lung transplantation. CT scan shows a focal stenosis at the anastomotic site within the right lung.
63821	Nonneoplastic lesions of the tracheobronchial wall: radiologic findings with bronchoscopic correlation	Posttransplantation stenosis in a 45-year-old woman who had undergone bilateral lung transplantation. Bronchoscopic image shows granulation tissue and narrowing as well as suture material (arrowheads).
63822	Nonneoplastic lesions of the tracheobronchial wall: radiologic findings with bronchoscopic correlation	Crohn disease in a 39-year-old woman. Conventional radiograph and CT scan
63823	Nonneoplastic lesions of the tracheobronchial wall: radiologic findings with bronchoscopic correlation	Crohn disease in a 39-year-old woman. Conventional radiograph show a long segment of irregular narrowing (arrow) that primarily involves the proximal left main bronchus.
63824	Nonneoplastic lesions of the tracheobronchial wall: radiologic findings with bronchoscopic correlation	Crohn disease in a 39-year-old woman. Bronchoscopic image shows mucosal edema and granulation tissue with endobronchial obstruction.
63825	Nonneoplastic lesions of the tracheobronchial wall: radiologic findings with bronchoscopic correlation	Sarcoidosis in a 37-year-old man. CT scan shows marked narrowing of the bronchus intermedius (arrow) by an adjacent nodal mass. Densely calcified nodes are seen within the right hilum (arrowhead).
63826	Nonneoplastic lesions of the tracheobronchial wall: radiologic findings with bronchoscopic correlation	Sarcoidosis in a 37-year-old man. Bronchoscopic image shows mucosal inflammation in addition to focal stenosis.
63827	Nonneoplastic lesions of the tracheobronchial wall: radiologic findings with bronchoscopic correlation	Behcet syndrome in a 36-year-old man. Conventional radiograph shows a long segment of stenosis within the left main bronchus (arrowheads) that begins just distal to the carina. Volume loss within the left lung is significant.
63828	Nonneoplastic lesions of the tracheobronchial wall: radiologic findings with bronchoscopic correlation	Behcet syndrome in a 36-year-old man. Bronchoscopic image shows stenosis of the left main bronchus (arrow).
63829	Nonneoplastic lesions of the tracheobronchial wall: radiologic findings with bronchoscopic correlation	Wegener granulomatosis. Chest radiograph obtained in a 27-year-old woman shows a long segment of narrowing that extends from the subglottic space to the thoracic inlet.
63830	Nonneoplastic lesions of the tracheobronchial wall: radiologic findings with bronchoscopic correlation	Wegener granulomatosis. CT scan obtained in a 55-year-old woman shows circumferential thickening of the tracheal mucosa.
63831	Nonneoplastic lesions of the tracheobronchial wall: radiologic findings with bronchoscopic correlation	Wegener granulomatosis. Bronchoscopic image obtained in the same patient as in shows subglottic stenosis and irregular mucosal thickening.
63832	Nonneoplastic lesions of the tracheobronchial wall: radiologic findings with bronchoscopic correlation	Relapsing polychondritis. Conventional radiograph obtained in a 75-year-old woman shows a long segment of tracheal narrowing and irregularity.
63833	Nonneoplastic lesions of the tracheobronchial wall: radiologic findings with bronchoscopic correlation	Relapsing polychondritis. End-inspiration and end-expiration CT scans obtained in a 64-year-old man show dynamic collapse of the trachea with expiration (right). Calcification and thickening of the cartilaginous portions of the trachea (arrow) with sparing of the posterior wall (arrowhead) are also seen.
63834	Nonneoplastic lesions of the tracheobronchial wall: radiologic findings with bronchoscopic correlation	Relapsing polychondritis. Bronchoscopic image obtained in the same patient as in shows diffuse mucosal edema with dynamic airway collapse.
63835	Nonneoplastic lesions of the tracheobronchial wall: radiologic findings with bronchoscopic correlation	Tracheobronchopathia osteochondroplastica in a 36-year-old woman. Conventional radiograph shows irregularity and narrowing over a long segment of the trachea.
63836	Nonneoplastic lesions of the tracheobronchial wall: radiologic findings with bronchoscopic correlation	Tracheobronchopathia osteochondroplastica in a 36-year-old woman. CT scan of the middle part of the trachea shows irregular narrowing of the airway with calcification of the lateral walls.
63837	Nonneoplastic lesions of the tracheobronchial wall: radiologic findings with bronchoscopic correlation	Tracheobronchopathia osteochondroplastica in a 36-year-old woman. Bronchoscopic image shows multiple osteocartilaginous nodules.
63838	Nonneoplastic lesions of the tracheobronchial wall: radiologic findings with bronchoscopic correlation	Tracheobronchial amyloidosis in a 51-year-old woman. Conventional radiograph shows irregular narrowing of the trachea over a long segment.
63839	Nonneoplastic lesions of the tracheobronchial wall: radiologic findings with bronchoscopic correlation	Tracheobronchial amyloidosis in a 51-year-old woman. CT scan shows mucosal thickening with irregular calcification that involves the posterior membrane.
63840	Nonneoplastic lesions of the tracheobronchial wall: radiologic findings with bronchoscopic correlation	Tracheobronchial amyloidosis in a 51-year-old woman. Bronchoscopic image shows diffuse nodular deposits that involve all portions of the trachea.
63841	Nonneoplastic lesions of the tracheobronchial wall: radiologic findings with bronchoscopic correlation	Papillomatosis. Conventional radiograph obtained in a 31-year-old man shows irregular narrowing throughout the trachea.
63842	Nonneoplastic lesions of the tracheobronchial wall: radiologic findings with bronchoscopic correlation	Papillomatosis. CT scan obtained in a 30-year-old man shows multiple nodules that project into the tracheal lumen. Multiple parenchymal papillomas are also present.
63843	Nonneoplastic lesions of the tracheobronchial wall: radiologic findings with bronchoscopic correlation	Papillomatosis. Bronchoscopic image obtained in the same patient as in shows multiple polypoid lesions within the trachea.
63844	Nonneoplastic lesions of the tracheobronchial wall: radiologic findings with bronchoscopic correlation	Rhinoscleroma. CT scan obtained in a 19-year-old woman shows circumferential thickening of the trachea.
63845	Nonneoplastic lesions of the tracheobronchial wall: radiologic findings with bronchoscopic correlation	Rhinoscleroma. Bronchoscopic image obtained in a 33-year-old woman shows multiple white-green plaques and mucosal edema.
64117	Selections from the buffet of food signs in radiology	Onion skin periosteal reaction in a 23-year-old woman with osteomyelitis. Detail from a radiograph of the tibia and fibula shows a lamellated fine periosteal reaction along the midshaft of the tibia.
64393	From the archives of the AFIP. Cerebral intraventricular neoplasms: radiologic-pathologic correlation	"Choroid plexus papilloma in a 34-year-old man with a history of hand tremor for 10 years and a more recent history of delayed slow speech and apathetic state. Axial CT image shows a heterogeneous, partially calcified, soft-tissue mass within the fourth ventricle."
64394	From the archives of the AFIP. Cerebral intraventricular neoplasms: radiologic-pathologic correlation	"Choroid plexus papilloma in a 34-year-old man with a history of hand tremor for 10 years and a more recent history of delayed slow speech and apathetic state. Coronal T1-weighted MR image shows the heterogeneous mass, which is slightly hypointense compared with the cerebellum."
64395	From the archives of the AFIP. Cerebral intraventricular neoplasms: radiologic-pathologic correlation	"Choroid plexus papilloma in a 34-year-old man with a history of hand tremor for 10 years and a more recent history of delayed slow speech and apathetic state. On an axial T2-weighted MR image, the mass is heterogeneously hyperintense compared with the cerebellum."
64396	From the archives of the AFIP. Cerebral intraventricular neoplasms: radiologic-pathologic correlation	"Choroid plexus papilloma in a 34-year-old man with a history of hand tremor for 10 years and a more recent history of delayed slow speech and apathetic state. On a contrast-enhanced axial T1-weighted MR image, the mass shows intense, near homogeneous enhancement."
64397	From the archives of the AFIP. Cerebral intraventricular neoplasms: radiologic-pathologic correlation	Choroid plexus papilloma in a 34-year-old man with a history of hand tremor for 10 years and a more recent history of delayed slow speech and apathetic state. Intraoperative photograph shows the lobulated vascular mass. Findings from the histologic examination confirmed a choroid plexus papilloma.
64626	Peripheral T-cell lymphoma: spectrum of imaging findings with clinical and pathologic features	"Nasal-type extranodal NK/T-cell lymphoma involving the nasal cavity in a 42-year-old woman. Photomicrograph (original magnification, x 400; hematoxylin-eosin [H-E] stain) of a nasal mucosal biopsy specimen shows intense infiltration of atypical lymphoid cells into the vascular intima and subintima (arrow). This is a typical appearance of angiocentric invasion in which the vascular lumen (V) is nearly obstructed."
64627	Peripheral T-cell lymphoma: spectrum of imaging findings with clinical and pathologic features	"Nasal-type extranodal NK/T-cell lymphoma involving the nasal cavity in a 42-year-old woman. Photomicrograph (original magnification, x 200; immunohistochemical stain on paraffin-embedded material) of NK-cell marker (CD56)-labeled tissue shows that atypical lymphoid cells react positively with the marker and appear brown."
64628	Peripheral T-cell lymphoma: spectrum of imaging findings with clinical and pathologic features	"Nasal-type extranodal NK/T-cell lymphoma involving the nasal cavity in a 42-year-old woman. Photomicrograph (original magnification, x 600; in situ hybridization of Epstein-Barr virus on paraffin-embedded material) shows cells labeled with Epstein-Barr virus DNA (arrows)."
64629	Peripheral T-cell lymphoma: spectrum of imaging findings with clinical and pathologic features	Nasal-type extranodal NK/T-cell lymphoma in a 40-year-old woman. Axial T2-weighted MR image shows a low-signal-intensity mass that fills the left nasal cavity and thickening of the medial wall of the maxillary sinus (arrow). The mass had intermediate signal intensity on T1-weighted MR images.
64630	Peripheral T-cell lymphoma: spectrum of imaging findings with clinical and pathologic features	"Nasal-type extranodal NK/T-cell lymphoma in a 40-year-old woman. Axial contrast material-enhanced MR image shows diffuse enhancement of the mass. Nonenhancement of a portion of the tumor (black arrow) is suggestive of necrosis. Note the thickening and enhancement of the medial wall of the left maxillary sinus (white arrow), an appearance suggestive of tumor infiltration."
64631	Peripheral T-cell lymphoma: spectrum of imaging findings with clinical and pathologic features	Nasal-type extranodal NK/T-cell lymphoma in a 40-year-old woman. Coronal contrast-enhanced MR image shows diffuse spread of the tumor in the left ethmoid sinus and left nasal cavity.
64635	Peripheral T-cell lymphoma: spectrum of imaging findings with clinical and pathologic features	"Enteropathy-type T-cell lymphoma involving the colon in a 44-year-old man. Photomicrograph (original magnification, x 200; H-E stain) of a colectomy specimen shows atypical lymphoid cells with abundant cytoplasm (arrowheads) and small inflammatory lymphocytes (arrows) mixed at the site of mucosal ulceration. The pathology report on the initial colonoscopic biopsy specimen concluded that the patient had chronic nonspecific colitis; the diagnosis was confirmed after colonic resection."
64636	Peripheral T-cell lymphoma: spectrum of imaging findings with clinical and pathologic features	Enteropathy-type T-cell lymphoma involving the colon in a 37-year-old man. Image from a double-contrast barium enema study shows multiple aphthous ulcers (thin arrows) and segmental luminal narrowing (thick arrows) in the transverse colon.
64637	Peripheral T-cell lymphoma: spectrum of imaging findings with clinical and pathologic features	Enteropathy-type T-cell lymphoma involving the colon in a 37-year-old man. Close-up radiograph of the splenic flexure shows multiple irregular ulcers (arrows).
64638	Peripheral T-cell lymphoma: spectrum of imaging findings with clinical and pathologic features	"Enteropathy-type T-cell lymphoma involving the colon in a 37-year-old man. Photograph from colonoscopy shows an aphthous ulcer in the transverse colon (arrow). After one cycle of chemotherapy, the patient experienced colonic perforation. Segmental resection of the transverse colon was performed."
64639	Peripheral T-cell lymphoma: spectrum of imaging findings with clinical and pathologic features	Enteropathy-type T-cell lymphoma involving the colon in a 37-year-old man. Photograph of the pathologic specimen shows segmental luminal irregularity in the transverse colon (white arrows). Multiple aphthous ulcers (black arrows) and the perforation site (arrowhead) are also noted. Scale is in 5-mm intervals.
64640	Peripheral T-cell lymphoma: spectrum of imaging findings with clinical and pathologic features	Enteropathy-type T-cell lymphoma involving the terminal ileum in a 61-year-old man. Image from a barium study of the small intestine shows a linear ulcer (arrows) along the mesenteric border in the terminal ileum.
64641	Peripheral T-cell lymphoma: spectrum of imaging findings with clinical and pathologic features	Enteropathy-type T-cell lymphoma involving the terminal ileum in a 61-year-old man. Close-up radiograph of the terminal ileum shows a pseudosacculation (open arrows) along the antimesenteric border and a linear ulcer (solid arrows) along the mesenteric border in the terminal ileum.
64642	Peripheral T-cell lymphoma: spectrum of imaging findings with clinical and pathologic features	Enteropathy-type T-cell lymphoma involving the terminal ileum in a 61-year-old man. CT scan shows wall thickening in the terminal ileum (arrow) and mesenteric fat infiltration around the ileum.
64643	Peripheral T-cell lymphoma: spectrum of imaging findings with clinical and pathologic features	"Enteropathy-type T-cell lymphoma involving the terminal ileum in a 61-year-old man. Photograph of the ileocecectomy specimen shows multiple irregular ulcers (arrows) in the terminal ileum. The prospective radiologic diagnosis was Crohn disease on the basis of the linear ulcers and pseudosacculation of the terminal ileum. Moreover, the pathologic diagnosis after the initial ileal biopsy was chronic nonspecific ileitis. The diagnosis was confirmed with surgical resection of the intestine. Scale is in 5-mm intervals."
64644	Peripheral T-cell lymphoma: spectrum of imaging findings with clinical and pathologic features	Mycosis fungoides in a 36-year-old woman. Photograph shows a cutaneous erythematous plaque (solid arrows) and a cutaneous tumor (open arrows). This appearance represents a typical gross morphology of mycosis fungoides.
64645	Peripheral T-cell lymphoma: spectrum of imaging findings with clinical and pathologic features	"Mycosis fungoides in a 63-year-old woman. Photomicrograph (original magnification, x 200; H-E stain) of a skin biopsy specimen shows prominent epidermotropism of lymphocytes (arrows). Note the lack of striking nuclear atypia of the intraepidermal lymphocytes. D = dermis, E = epidermis."
64646	Peripheral T-cell lymphoma: spectrum of imaging findings with clinical and pathologic features	Mycosis fungoides in a 51-year-old man. CT scan shows a large tumor (open arrows) in the anterior abdominal wall. The tumor involves the skin and subcutaneous fat. A small air bubble suggestive of an ulcer (solid arrow) is also noted.
64647	Peripheral T-cell lymphoma: spectrum of imaging findings with clinical and pathologic features	Mycosis fungoides in a 51-year-old man. Photograph shows an ulcerated cutaneous tumor (arrows). Superficial ulceration of a cutaneous tumor represents an atypical gross morphology of mycosis fungoides.
64648	Peripheral T-cell lymphoma: spectrum of imaging findings with clinical and pathologic features	Mycosis fungoides in a 51-year-old man. Sagittal contrast-enhanced MR image shows another mass on the medial side of the plantar surface (arrow). The mass demonstrates mild homogeneous enhancement. The mass had intermediate signal intensity on T2-weighted images and low signal intensity on T1-weighted images.
64649	Peripheral T-cell lymphoma: spectrum of imaging findings with clinical and pathologic features	Mycosis fungoides in a 52-year-old woman. Axial T2-weighted MR image shows a large tumor (arrows) involving the right upper eyelid. The tumor has low signal intensity and involves the skin and subcutaneous tissue.
64650	Peripheral T-cell lymphoma: spectrum of imaging findings with clinical and pathologic features	Mycosis fungoides in a 52-year-old woman. Axial T1-weighted MR image shows that the mass has intermediate signal intensity (arrows).
64651	Peripheral T-cell lymphoma: spectrum of imaging findings with clinical and pathologic features	Mycosis fungoides in a 52-year-old woman. Axial MR image obtained after injection of gadopentetate dimeglumine shows that the mass has diffuse marked enhancement (arrows).
64652	Peripheral T-cell lymphoma: spectrum of imaging findings with clinical and pathologic features	"Mycosis fungoides in a 52-year-old woman. CT scan obtained at the level of the hypopharynx shows enlarged lymph nodes in the submental area (thin solid arrows), submandibular area (open arrows), retropharyngeal area (thick solid arrow), and right spinal accessory chain (arrowhead). Laryngeal edema and edematous infiltration into the subcutaneous fat are also seen. Biopsy of the tumor and lymph nodes was performed. Pathologic analysis demonstrated mycosis fungoides involving the skin, subcutaneous tissue, and lymph nodes. Therefore, the patient had stage IV disease (T3 N3)."
64655	Peripheral T-cell lymphoma: spectrum of imaging findings with clinical and pathologic features	"Primary cutaneous type ALCL in a 63-year-old woman. Photomicrograph (original magnification, x 100; H-E stain) of a skin biopsy specimen shows infiltration of atypical lymphoid cells with a perineural distribution into the dermis. N = nerve."
64656	Peripheral T-cell lymphoma: spectrum of imaging findings with clinical and pathologic features	"Primary cutaneous type ALCL in a 63-year-old woman. Photomicrograph (original magnification, x 200; H-E stain) shows scattered large lymphoid cells (ie, anaplastic large cells) with pleomorphic nuclei, prominent nucleoli, and abundant cytoplasm (arrows)."
64657	Peripheral T-cell lymphoma: spectrum of imaging findings with clinical and pathologic features	Primary cutaneous type ALCL in a 61-year-old man. Axial T2-weighted MR image shows a mass (arrows) in the right eyelid. The mass has intermediate signal intensity.
64658	Peripheral T-cell lymphoma: spectrum of imaging findings with clinical and pathologic features	Primary cutaneous type ALCL in a 61-year-old man. Axial T1-weighted MR image shows that the mass has homogeneous low signal intensity (arrows).
64659	Peripheral T-cell lymphoma: spectrum of imaging findings with clinical and pathologic features	Primary cutaneous type ALCL in a 61-year-old man. Axial fat-suppressed T1-weighted MR image obtained after administration of gadopentetate dimeglumine shows homogeneous enhancement of the mass (arrows).
64660	Peripheral T-cell lymphoma: spectrum of imaging findings with clinical and pathologic features	Primary cutaneous type ALCL in a 61-year-old man. Photograph shows a round elevated erythematous tumor involving the right lower eyelid. A central superficial ulcer and crust are noted; these represent the typical gross morphology of cutaneous ALCL.
64667	Peripheral T-cell lymphoma: spectrum of imaging findings with clinical and pathologic features	"Angioimmunoblastic T-cell lymphoma in an 18-year-old woman. Photomicrograph (original magnification, x 100; H-E stain) of a cervical lymph node biopsy specimen shows diffuse proliferation of lymphoid cells and prominent vascular proliferation (arrows)."
64668	Peripheral T-cell lymphoma: spectrum of imaging findings with clinical and pathologic features	"Angioimmunoblastic T-cell lymphoma in an 18-year-old woman. High-power photomicrograph (original magnification, x 200; H-E stain) shows lymphoid cells admixed with immunoblasts (arrowhead) and plasma cells (straight arrows). Vascular proliferation (curved arrow) is also noted. The term angioimmunoblastic in the name of this condition is due to the vascular proliferation and admixed immunoblasts."
64669	Peripheral T-cell lymphoma: spectrum of imaging findings with clinical and pathologic features	"Angioimmunoblastic T-cell lymphoma in an 18-year-old woman. Contrast-enhanced chest CT scan shows multiple enlarged lymph nodes (arrows) in the prevascular, right lower paratracheal, and axillary areas. Bilateral pleural effusions are also noted."
64670	Peripheral T-cell lymphoma: spectrum of imaging findings with clinical and pathologic features	"Angioimmunoblastic T-cell lymphoma in an 18-year-old woman. Abdominal CT scan shows enlargement of the liver and spleen. Multiple enlarged lymph nodes are seen in the hepatic hilum, splenic hilum, and retrocrural area (arrows)."
64671	Peripheral T-cell lymphoma: spectrum of imaging findings with clinical and pathologic features	Angioimmunoblastic T-cell lymphoma in an 18-year-old woman. CT scan shows multiple enlarged lymph nodes in the mesentery and retroperitoneal area (arrows) and ascites. Multiple enlarged mesenteric lymph nodes and mesenteric nodules are suggestive of mesenteric lymphomatosis.
64946	Major complications after radio-frequency thermal ablation of hepatic tumors: spectrum of imaging findings	"Skin burns in a 62-year-old man with hepatocellular carcinoma. Photograph shows third-degree skin burns (arrows) that developed at the ground pad site after RF ablation of multiple hepatocellular carcinoma nodules in segment VI, which had been treated with iodized oil (Lipiodol; Guerbet, Roissy, France). The patient received skin grafts after conservative treatment for 1 month."
65216	Clinical role of FDG PET in evaluation of cancer patients	Primary rectal melanoma in a 68-year-old woman. CT and FDG PET were performed to evaluate the extent of disease. CT scan shows no evidence of metastases. (CT was performed to study the abdomen and pelvis only.)
65217	Clinical role of FDG PET in evaluation of cancer patients	Primary rectal melanoma in a 68-year-old woman. CT and FDG PET were performed to evaluate the extent of disease. Coronal FDG PET image obtained within 2 weeks of the CT study shows multiple hepatic and bilateral lung metastases.
65218	Clinical role of FDG PET in evaluation of cancer patients	Primary vulvar melanoma in a 61-year-old woman who experienced recurrence. Anterior and posterior
65219	Clinical role of FDG PET in evaluation of cancer patients	"Primary vulvar melanoma in a 61-year-old woman who experienced recurrence. Anterior coronal FDG PET images show multiple foci of hypermetabolism in the left inguinal, pelvic, perineal, and mesenteric lymph nodes, which represent extensive locoregional recurrence of melanoma."
65548	Mesenteric neoplasms: CT appearances of primary and secondary tumors and differential diagnosis	Metastatic melanoma in a 50-year-old man presenting with vomiting. Axial contrast-enhanced CT image of the lower abdomen shows several enhancing masses in the small bowel mesentery (solid arrows) due to metastatic melanoma. An ileoileal intussusception is present in the right lower quadrant (open arrow) and is causing partial small bowel obstruction. Melanoma implants are also seen in dilated loops of small intestine (arrowheads).
66827	Scenes from the past. The dawn of radiology in Japan	"Diffuse cavernous hemangiomatosis. The case was presented at the April 1900 meeting of the Japanese Surgery Society, Tokyo. The patient was a 20-year-old male farmer with a progressive sponge-like swelling of the right upper extremity and shoulder girdle associated with multiple palpable nodules. During the man s childhood, a small nevus was noted in the dorsal aspect of his right hand. The lesion had extended to his midforearm by the time he was 7 years old and involved his entire right arm by the time he reached 15 years of age, when the two portions of the lesion ruptured and bled. When he was 18 years old, the lesion had reached the shoulder girdle. Radiograph of the forearm shows swollen soft tissue and multiple laminated, doughnut-like calcifications, suggestive of phleboliths. A diagnosis of diffuse hemangiomatosis was surgically proved."
67021	Peripancreatic masses that simulate pancreatic disease: spectrum of disease and role of CT	Merkel cell tumor in a 62-year-old woman with known tumor. CT scan shows infiltrating Merkel cell tumor metastases (arrowheads) that simulate a mass originating from the pancreas (long arrow). Short arrow indicates the second portion of the duodenum.
67779	Regional myocardial function: advances in MR imaging and analysis	"Myocardial infarction in the left anterior descending coronary artery in a 40-year-old man. Short-axis delayed-enhancement image shows extensive hyperenhancement in the anterior wall and septum, which corresponds to an extensive infarction. Nonenhanced subendocardial areas (arrows) correspond to microvascular obstruction after acute infarction."
67780	Regional myocardial function: advances in MR imaging and analysis	Myocardial infarction in the left anterior descending coronary artery in a 40-year-old man. Color-coded maps superimposed on tagged MR images acquired in early systole and end systole
67781	Regional myocardial function: advances in MR imaging and analysis	"Myocardial infarction in the left anterior descending coronary artery in a 40-year-old man. Color-coded maps superimposed on tagged MR images acquired in early systole show the regional extent of circumferential shortening. Contraction, indicated in blue, is evident mainly in the remote myocardial areas (arrowheads). In the infarcted region, virtually no contraction is evident, as is indicated by green; a slight myocardial lengthening, indicated by red, is evident in the area of microvascular obstruction (arrows in )."
67783	Regional myocardial function: advances in MR imaging and analysis	Through-plane strain information obtained with strain-encoded MR imaging. Longitudinal shortening is displayed on a composite short-axis image obtained by combining an image with low tagging frequency
67784	Regional myocardial function: advances in MR imaging and analysis	Through-plane strain information obtained with strain-encoded MR imaging. Longitudinal shortening is displayed on a composite short-axis image and an image with high tagging frequency
67785	Regional myocardial function: advances in MR imaging and analysis	"Through-plane strain information obtained with strain-encoded MR imaging. Longitudinal shortening is displayed on a composite short-axis image. Dyskinetic tissue with stretching is represented by a hyperintense area on the low-frequency image and by a hypointense area on the high-frequency image. Akinetic myocardial tissue, in which there is no contraction, has an appearance identical to that of surrounding static tissue (ie, chest wall or liver). Severely hypokinetic tissue and normally contracting subendocardial or midwall tissue show an inverse intensity pattern directly related to the strain values on a pixel-by-pixel basis."
67786	Regional myocardial function: advances in MR imaging and analysis	Through-plane strain information obtained with strain-encoded MR imaging. Short-axis strain-encoded MR images obtained in a 68-year-old woman after myocardial infarction. The low-frequency image shows subendocardial hyperintense areas (arrows) that indicate myocardial dysfunction; the same areas are represented in red on the composite color-coded image
67787	Regional myocardial function: advances in MR imaging and analysis	Through-plane strain information obtained with strain-encoded MR imaging. Short-axis strain-encoded MR images obtained in a 68-year-old woman after myocardial infarction. The low-frequency image. Delayed-enhancement image
67788	Regional myocardial function: advances in MR imaging and analysis	Through-plane strain information obtained with strain-encoded MR imaging. Short-axis strain-encoded MR images obtained in a 68-year-old woman after myocardial infarction. The low-frequency image shows a subendocardial area of hyperenhancement (arrows) in the region of the left anterior descending artery that represents chronic myocardial infarction and that corresponds with the areas of dysfunction depicted on the strain-encoded images.
67959	Peripheral nerve lesions: role of high-resolution US	"Traumatic neuroma. A 73-year-old woman underwent a forearm operation because of a median nerve schwannoma (open arrows, lower right image). One month later, she complained of persistent discomfort over the scar region, with a positive Tinel sign. Photograph (upper right) shows location of trauma. US scans (left images) show a hypoechoic structure with irregular margins (arrowheads) surrounding the median nerve (arrows), demonstrating scar tissue infiltration of the median nerve. Sag = sagittal, Tr = transverse."
67960	Peripheral nerve lesions: role of high-resolution US	Traumatic neuroma. A 48-year-old man underwent surgery after trauma to left forearm (location shown in photograph). Photograph (lower right) obtained 6 months later shows atrophy of left first web muscle (arrow). Transverse (Tr) US scans show enlarged ulnar nerve (arrowheads). Sagittal (Sag) scan shows enlarged distal ulnar nerve. U = ulnar artery.
67961	Peripheral nerve lesions: role of high-resolution US	"Traumatic neuroma. A 56-year-old man had traumatic injuries due to a car accident, including a large laceration over the left thigh that was treated with primary sutures only. Photograph (lower right) shows location of injury. One year later, he complained of a sharply painful sensation over the scar area, with a positive Tinel sign. US scans show a hypoechoic nodule with irregular margins (arrowheads) beside the femoral artery (A) and femoral nerve (arrows). Sag = sagittal, Tr = transverse."
68278	Chest wall tumors: radiologic findings and pathologic correlation: part 2. Malignant tumors	"Leiomyosarcoma in a 49-year-old woman. Sagittal T1-weighted (repetition time msec/echo time msec = 600/12) MR image of the spine, obtained after administration of gadolinium-based contrast material, shows a soft-tissue mass with heterogeneous enhancement. Note the enhanced rim or periphery and the central area of low signal intensity. Invasion of the surrounding muscle (arrow) was confirmed at microscopic evaluation of a tissue specimen."
68279	Chest wall tumors: radiologic findings and pathologic correlation: part 2. Malignant tumors	"Rhabdomyosarcoma in a 51-year-old woman. Coronal reformatted image of the apex of the left hemithorax from a contrast-enhanced CT study shows a mass that has invaded muscle, fascia, adipose tissue, nerves, and vascular structures (arrows). A = aorta, C = clavicle."
68280	Chest wall tumors: radiologic findings and pathologic correlation: part 2. Malignant tumors	Angiosarcoma in a 67-year-old man. Axial gadolinium-enhanced T1-weighted (600/12) MR image of the apex of the left hemithorax shows an invasive mass with heterogeneous enhancement in the left lateral chest wall. Vascular flow-voids are seen near the surface of the tumor (arrows). V = vertebra.
68281	Chest wall tumors: radiologic findings and pathologic correlation: part 2. Malignant tumors	Storiform-pleomorphic malignant fibrous histiocytoma in a 68-year-old woman. Nonenhanced CT scan at the level of the ascending aorta shows a destructive mass with origins in the sternum and extension into the surrounding soft tissue (arrowheads).
68282	Chest wall tumors: radiologic findings and pathologic correlation: part 2. Malignant tumors	Storiform-pleomorphic malignant fibrous histiocytoma in a 68-year-old woman. Photograph of the dissected tumor reveals invasion of the subcutaneous tissue (arrowheads). R = rib.
68283	Chest wall tumors: radiologic findings and pathologic correlation: part 2. Malignant tumors	Aggressive fibromatosis in a 38-year-old woman. Coronal reformatted image of the right axilla from a contrast-enhanced multidetector CT study shows a mass inferior to the scapula with invasion of the surrounding musculature (arrows).
68284	Chest wall tumors: radiologic findings and pathologic correlation: part 2. Malignant tumors	Aggressive fibromatosis in a 38-year-old woman. Photograph of the resected specimen shows a mass of dense trabeculated fibrous tissue with invasion of adjacent structures (arrowheads).
68286	Chest wall tumors: radiologic findings and pathologic correlation: part 2. Malignant tumors	"Malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor in a 74-year-old woman. Axial T2-weighted (6,000/112) MR image at the level of the aortic arch shows an ill-defined tumor with invasion of bone, fat, muscle, and fascia (arrowheads)."
68287	Chest wall tumors: radiologic findings and pathologic correlation: part 2. Malignant tumors	Chondrosarcoma in a 19-year-old woman. Contrast-enhanced CT scan at the level of the left atrium shows a rib mass with chondroid mineralization (black arrowheads) and invasion of the overlying musculature (white arrowhead).
68288	Chest wall tumors: radiologic findings and pathologic correlation: part 2. Malignant tumors	"Chondrosarcoma in a 19-year-old woman. Sagittal T2-weighted (6,000/112) MR image of the lateral chest wall shows a mass arising from the rib, with a signal intensity higher than that of intercostal muscle. Areas of low signal intensity (arrowheads) indicate dense mineralization in the tumor."
68289	Chest wall tumors: radiologic findings and pathologic correlation: part 2. Malignant tumors	Dedifferentiated chondrosarcoma in a 66-year-old man. Contrast-enhanced CT scan at the level of the pulmonary artery shows a mass with peripheral calcification (arrow) arising from the costovertebral joint and expanding into the thoracic cavity. Note the small pleural effusion.
68290	Chest wall tumors: radiologic findings and pathologic correlation: part 2. Malignant tumors	"Dedifferentiated chondrosarcoma in a 66-year-old man. Axial T2-weighted (4,500/97.7) MR image at the level of the pulmonary artery shows a tumor with heterogeneous high signal intensity extending into the thoracic cavity and invading the vertebral pedicle (curved arrow). The MR image better depicts the tumor extension in the rib (straight arrow) than does the CT scan. The pleural effusion had increased in size by the time of MR imaging."
68291	Chest wall tumors: radiologic findings and pathologic correlation: part 2. Malignant tumors	Osteosarcoma in a 25-year-old woman. Axial gadolinium-enhanced T1-weighted (500/15) MR image shows a large mass with heterogeneous enhancement in the upper left hemithorax. The mass has invaded the posterior chest wall (arrowheads) and filled the thoracic cavity on the left side. V = vertebra.
68292	Chest wall tumors: radiologic findings and pathologic correlation: part 2. Malignant tumors	"Round cell liposarcoma in a 34-year-old man. Axial T2-weighted (6,000/112) MR image reveals a large mass with heterogeneous but overall high signal intensity that originates from the posterior chest wall, fills the thoracic cavity, and displaces the aortic arch."
68293	Chest wall tumors: radiologic findings and pathologic correlation: part 2. Malignant tumors	"Round cell liposarcoma in a 34-year-old man. Photomicrograph (original magnification, x 200; hematoxylin-eosin stain) shows atypical round cells in a myxoid background that accounts for the very high signal intensity on the T2-weighted MR image."
68294	Chest wall tumors: radiologic findings and pathologic correlation: part 2. Malignant tumors	Dedifferentiated liposarcoma in a 56-year-old man. Axial T1-weighted (600/12) MR image of the apex of the left hemithorax shows a mass that originates from the left superior chest wall and has heterogeneous signal intensity including a fat component (arrow) and a larger soft-tissue component. V = vertebra.
68295	Chest wall tumors: radiologic findings and pathologic correlation: part 2. Malignant tumors	Malignant lymphoma in a 62-year-old woman. Coronal T1-weighted (605/20) fat-suppressed MR image at the level of the left atrium shows an infiltrating mass in the chest wall (arrows) with homogeneous enhancement after administration of gadolinium-based contrast material.
68296	Chest wall tumors: radiologic findings and pathologic correlation: part 2. Malignant tumors	Solitary myeloma in a 69-year-old woman. Nonenhanced CT scan at the level of the pulmonary artery shows a well-defined subpleural mass with reactive bone sclerosis (arrowheads).
68297	Chest wall tumors: radiologic findings and pathologic correlation: part 2. Malignant tumors	Solitary myeloma in a 69-year-old woman. Photograph of the resected specimen shows a well-demarcated mass (arrows) with minimal bone invasion.
68298	Chest wall tumors: radiologic findings and pathologic correlation: part 2. Malignant tumors	"Multiple myeloma in a 59-year-old man. Contrast-enhanced CT scan at the level of the aortic arch shows multiple osteolytic lesions involving the sternum, vertebral body, scapulae, and ribs, and a soft-tissue mass (arrowheads) that originates from a left rib."
68299	Chest wall tumors: radiologic findings and pathologic correlation: part 2. Malignant tumors	Low-grade dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans in a 56-year-old man. Contrast-enhanced CT scan at the level of the aortic arch shows a well-demarcated subcutaneous mass (arrow) without muscle invasion.
68300	Chest wall tumors: radiologic findings and pathologic correlation: part 2. Malignant tumors	High-grade dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans in a 68-year-old woman. Contrast-enhanced CT scan at the level of the left atrium shows a large heterogeneous mass (arrow) that originates from the anterior chest wall. Invasion of mediastinal structures (arrowheads) suggests malignancy.
68303	Chest wall tumors: radiologic findings and pathologic correlation: part 2. Malignant tumors	"Synovial sarcoma in a 60-year-old woman. Coronal T2-weighted (6,000/112) MR image shows a large paravertebral mass with heterogeneous signal intensity and numerous internal septa. The tumor has displaced the diaphragm (arrowheads)."
68304	Chest wall tumors: radiologic findings and pathologic correlation: part 2. Malignant tumors	"Synovial sarcoma in a 60-year-old woman. Photograph of the dissected tumor reveals invasion of the paravertebral muscle (arrowheads) and cystic degeneration and hemorrhage (arrow), which account for the heterogeneous signal intensity observed in the tumor on the MR image."
68305	Chest wall tumors: radiologic findings and pathologic correlation: part 2. Malignant tumors	Proximal-type epithelioid sarcoma in a 48-year-old woman. Axial T1-weighted (570/12) MR image obtained after administration of gadolinium-based contrast material shows a large heterogeneously enhancing mass between the subcutaneous tissues and the deep layer of fat and muscle (arrowheads).
82801	Sonography of peripheral nerve pathology	41-year-old man with traumatic neuroma. Longitudinal 5-12 MHz sonogram shows localized swelling of tibial nerve at site of iatrogenic injury.
83016	Subungual glomus tumor: emphasis on MR angiography	37-year-old woman who presented with 2-week history of point tenderness at nail of fourth finger of left hand. Radiograph shows lateral view of fourth finger with subtle thinning noticeable in distal phalanx.
83017	Subungual glomus tumor: emphasis on MR angiography	37-year-old woman who presented with 2-week history of point tenderness at nail of fourth finger of left hand. Sagittal sonogram shows small hypoechogenic nodule.
83018	Subungual glomus tumor: emphasis on MR angiography	37-year-old woman who presented with 2-week history of point tenderness at nail of fourth finger of left hand. Maximum-intensity-projection images obtained after contrast-enhanced MR angiography show small hypervascularized tumor in coronal and sagittal views beyond tip of distal phalanx.
83019	Subungual glomus tumor: emphasis on MR angiography	37-year-old woman who presented with 2-week history of point tenderness at nail of fourth finger of left hand. Maximum-intensity-projection images obtained after contrast-enhanced MR angiography show small hypervascularized tumor in coronal and sagittal views beyond tip of distal phalanx.
83809	Sonographic characteristics of peripheral nerve sheath tumors	22-year-old man with malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor. Sonogram of posterior thigh shows mixed-echogenicity mass with anechoic areas and posterior acoustic enhancement.
84005	MRI-guided breast biopsy: clinical experience with 14-gauge stainless steel core biopsy needle	53-year-old woman with 8-mm spiculated enhancing mass at 4-o'clock position in left breast. MRI-guided breast biopsy and surgery revealed invasive ductal carcinoma. Sagittal MR image shows fiducial skin marker.
84011	Breast MRI for cancer detection in a patient with diabetic mastopathy	"40-year-old woman with diabetic mastopathy. STIR axial MR image (TR/TE, 5,700/72) shows marked asymmetry in appearance of breasts. Left breast has diffusely increased signal within parenchyma and skin, suggesting diffuse breast edema and skin thickening."
84013	Breast MRI for cancer detection in a patient with diabetic mastopathy	"40-year-old woman with diabetic mastopathy. Subtraction sagittal T1-weighted 3D gradient-echo MR image again shows dominant mass and other diffuse reticular areas of enhancement and nodularity , suggesting diffuse tumor infiltration. Note skin enhancement , suggesting dermal lymphatic invasion."
84421	MR mammary ductography using a microscopy coil for assessment of intraductal lesions	67-year-old woman with intraductal papilloma. Axial T1-weighted MR image using conventional surface coil shows hyperintense dilated duct.
84422	MR mammary ductography using a microscopy coil for assessment of intraductal lesions	67-year-old woman with intraductal papilloma. MR ductogram using microscopy coil obtained at same level as shows two separate dilated ducts and retroareolar mass with intermediate signal intensity.
84573	"Imaging features of soft-tissue infections and other complications in drug users after direct subcutaneous injection (""skin popping"")"	22-year-old man with broken IV needle tip in left groin with surrounding abscess formation. Anteroposterior radiograph of pelvis shows radiopaque needle tip.
84574	"Imaging features of soft-tissue infections and other complications in drug users after direct subcutaneous injection (""skin popping"")"	22-year-old man with broken IV needle tip in left groin with surrounding abscess formation. Contrast-enhanced CT scan of pelvis obtained with soft-tissue window setting shows abscess formation around needle tip with diffuse enhancement and central low attenuation.
84575	"Imaging features of soft-tissue infections and other complications in drug users after direct subcutaneous injection (""skin popping"")"	"33-year-old HIV-positive woman with extensive anterior abdominal wall cellulitis that extends into left leg. Focused sonogram of anterior abdominal wall to left of umbilicus shows typical features of cellulitis, including subcutaneous edema interspersed between echogenic fat lobules. A = anterior, P = posterior, M = medial."
84576	"Imaging features of soft-tissue infections and other complications in drug users after direct subcutaneous injection (""skin popping"")"	"33-year-old HIV-positive woman with extensive anterior abdominal wall cellulitis that extends into left leg. CT scan filmed with soft-tissue window setting again shows subcutaneous edema , as evidenced by extensive areas of high attenuation within fat of anterior abdominal wall but without deeper extension or abscess formation."
84577	"Imaging features of soft-tissue infections and other complications in drug users after direct subcutaneous injection (""skin popping"")"	"33-year-old HIV-positive woman with extensive anterior abdominal wall cellulitis that extends into left leg. CT scan filmed with soft-tissue window setting shows cellulitis extending into swollen left thigh that shows marked edema, represented by areas of increased attenuation in subcutaneous fat."
84578	"Imaging features of soft-tissue infections and other complications in drug users after direct subcutaneous injection (""skin popping"")"	"39-year-old man with superficial skin ulceration and cellulitis of right leg caused by IV drug use. Coronal T1-weighted MR image (TR/TE, 450/13) shows reticular low signal in subcutaneous tissues of right thigh and deep skin defect."
84579	"Imaging features of soft-tissue infections and other complications in drug users after direct subcutaneous injection (""skin popping"")"	39-year-old man with superficial skin ulceration and cellulitis of right leg caused by IV drug use. Unenhanced axial T1-weighted MR image (500/20) with fat saturation shows cellulitis in subcutaneous tissues of medial right thigh.
84580	"Imaging features of soft-tissue infections and other complications in drug users after direct subcutaneous injection (""skin popping"")"	39-year-old man with superficial skin ulceration and cellulitis of right leg caused by IV drug use. Contrast-enhanced axial T1-weighted MR image (500/20) with fat saturation at same level as shows enhancement within area of cellulitis but no enhancement in adjacent adductor or quadriceps muscles.
84581	"Imaging features of soft-tissue infections and other complications in drug users after direct subcutaneous injection (""skin popping"")"	"44-year-old woman with subcutaneous abscess in periumbilical fat. Unenhanced CT scan of abdomen with soft-tissue window setting shows focal homogeneous mass of soft-tissue attenuation in left periumbilical region, without surrounding cellulitis, suggestive of abscess."
84582	"Imaging features of soft-tissue infections and other complications in drug users after direct subcutaneous injection (""skin popping"")"	"Incidental finding of right neck abscess in 28-year-old HIV-positive man undergoing routine follow-up for cerebral toxoplasmosis. T2-weighted image (TR/TE, 2,400/90) of head shows mixed-signal-intensity mass involving right sternocleidomastoid muscle and overlying superficial tissues. Incidental note is made of high-signal-intensity mass in left thalamus in keeping with known diagnosis of cerebral toxoplasmosis."
84583	"Imaging features of soft-tissue infections and other complications in drug users after direct subcutaneous injection (""skin popping"")"	Incidental finding of right neck abscess in 28-year-old HIV-positive man undergoing routine follow-up for cerebral toxoplasmosis. Subsequent sonogram of right anterior neck shows fluid collection with thick walls containing some low-level internal echoes with through-transmission consistent with abscess. M = medial.
84584	"Imaging features of soft-tissue infections and other complications in drug users after direct subcutaneous injection (""skin popping"")"	30-year-old man with left groin abscess. Anteroposterior radiograph of left hip shows gas within groin abscess.
84585	"Imaging features of soft-tissue infections and other complications in drug users after direct subcutaneous injection (""skin popping"")"	"30-year-old man with left groin abscess. CT scan filmed with soft-tissue window setting after contrast material administration shows focal fluid attenuation collection with subtle internal enhancement and gas in nondependent portions, suggestive of abscess. Focal gas is also seen anterior to collection. Aspiration confirmed presence of abscess."
84586	"Imaging features of soft-tissue infections and other complications in drug users after direct subcutaneous injection (""skin popping"")"	"22-year-old man with muscle affected by pyomyositis progressing to abscess formation. CT scan obtained with soft-tissue window setting shows gross enlargement of left thigh with extensive ulceration anteromedially and extensive cellulitis. In addition, increased muscle bulk of hip extensor muscles is present, but without fluid collection."
84587	"Imaging features of soft-tissue infections and other complications in drug users after direct subcutaneous injection (""skin popping"")"	22-year-old man with muscle affected by pyomyositis progressing to abscess formation. CT scan obtained 4 days after shows focal abscess with enhancing margins in hamstring muscles of left thigh and second abscess medially below ulcer.
84588	"Imaging features of soft-tissue infections and other complications in drug users after direct subcutaneous injection (""skin popping"")"	34-year-old man with myositis of right deltoid and triceps muscles caused by intramuscular injection of heroin and cocaine mixture. Anteroposterior radiograph of right humerus shows mottled gas in soft tissues.
84589	"Imaging features of soft-tissue infections and other complications in drug users after direct subcutaneous injection (""skin popping"")"	34-year-old man with myositis of right deltoid and triceps muscles caused by intramuscular injection of heroin and cocaine mixture. CT scan obtained with soft-tissue setting shows high-attenuation areas of cellulitis and low-attenuation areas of subcutaneous gas.
84590	"Imaging features of soft-tissue infections and other complications in drug users after direct subcutaneous injection (""skin popping"")"	"34-year-old man with myositis of right deltoid and triceps muscles caused by intramuscular injection of heroin and cocaine mixture. Coronal T2-weighted MR image (TR/TE, 2,000/80) of left arm shows high signal in triceps muscle (T) with extensive subcutaneous cellulitis. S = superior, I = inferior, M = medial."
84591	"Imaging features of soft-tissue infections and other complications in drug users after direct subcutaneous injection (""skin popping"")"	"34-year-old man with myositis of right deltoid and triceps muscles caused by intramuscular injection of heroin and cocaine mixture. Axial T2-weighted MR image (2,000/80) of left arm shows diffuse increased signal in left deltoid (D) and triceps muscles but no focal area of pyomyositis. M = medial, A = anterior, P = posterior."
84592	"Imaging features of soft-tissue infections and other complications in drug users after direct subcutaneous injection (""skin popping"")"	28-year-old man with bilateral buttock cellulitis and pyomyositis of right gluteal muscles that progressed to necrotizing fasciitis requiring surgical debridement. CT scan filmed with soft-tissue setting shows enlarged right gluteus medius and maximus muscles with overlying skin defect and marked bilateral subcutaneous reticulation caused by cellulitis. Some low attenuation is seen within enlarged gluteus muscles.
84593	"Imaging features of soft-tissue infections and other complications in drug users after direct subcutaneous injection (""skin popping"")"	"28-year-old man with bilateral buttock cellulitis and pyomyositis of right gluteal muscles that progressed to necrotizing fasciitis requiring surgical debridement. T2-weighted MR image (TR/TE, 2,500/80) of upper thighs after debridement shows large surgical defect in posterior right thigh. In addition, extensive bright T2 signal is seen in fascial planes of left thigh, typical of fascial thickening seen in necrotizing fasciitis. This patient subsequently died within 24 hr of overwhelming systemic sepsis."
84594	"Imaging features of soft-tissue infections and other complications in drug users after direct subcutaneous injection (""skin popping"")"	Digital subtraction angiogram of right superficial and deep femoral arteries in 38-year-old woman shows pseudoaneurysm arising from superficial femoral artery associated with repeated groin hits.
84595	"Imaging features of soft-tissue infections and other complications in drug users after direct subcutaneous injection (""skin popping"")"	"19-year-old man who frequently injected heroin into superficial neck veins because of poor venous access in his limbs. Coronal T1-weighted MR image (TR/TE, 800/16) of neck shows lack of flow void in left external jugular vein caused by acute venous thrombosis after episode of injection into vein."
84596	"Imaging features of soft-tissue infections and other complications in drug users after direct subcutaneous injection (""skin popping"")"	"35-year-old man admitted with severe left-sided lower back pain radiating to left leg. He had numerous presentations previously with left groin abscesses that required repeated surgical drainage. Coronal T2-weighted MR image (TR/TE, 2,000/80) of lumbar spine shows diskitis at level of L4 L5 disk with abnormal high signal from center of disk space and adjacent vertebral bodies caused by extension from large adjacent abscess of psoas muscle."
84597	"Imaging features of soft-tissue infections and other complications in drug users after direct subcutaneous injection (""skin popping"")"	"35-year-old man admitted with severe left-sided lower back pain radiating to left leg. He had numerous presentations previously with left groin abscesses that required repeated surgical drainage. Sagittal T2-weighted image (2,000/80) shows extension into L4 L5 disk, where abnormally high signal in center of disk and in adjacent vertebral bodies exists."
84598	"Imaging features of soft-tissue infections and other complications in drug users after direct subcutaneous injection (""skin popping"")"	35-year-old man admitted with severe left-sided lower back pain radiating to left leg. He had numerous presentations previously with left groin abscesses that required repeated surgical drainage. Contrast axial T1-weighted image (750/20) at same level as shows infected psoas muscle pyomyositis extending into adjacent tissue planes.
84599	"Imaging features of soft-tissue infections and other complications in drug users after direct subcutaneous injection (""skin popping"")"	"23-year-old woman with recurrent right groin abscesses who presented with pyrexia, back pain, and raised inflammatory markers. Delayed posterior three-phase bone scintigram shows nonspecific finding of increased radioisotope uptake in right sacroiliac joint."
84600	"Imaging features of soft-tissue infections and other complications in drug users after direct subcutaneous injection (""skin popping"")"	"23-year-old woman with recurrent right groin abscesses who presented with pyrexia, back pain, and raised inflammatory markers. CT scan obtained with bone window setting shows bone destruction at right sacroiliac joint. Adjacent soft-tissue swelling was discerned with soft-tissue settings. These findings were suspicious for osteomyelitis affecting right sacroiliac joint, which was confirmed by subsequent joint aspiration."
84601	"Imaging features of soft-tissue infections and other complications in drug users after direct subcutaneous injection (""skin popping"")"	"54-year-old man, longtime injector of cocaine and heroin, with bilateral groin complications. At initial presentation, venogram shows meniscus sign caused by acute right common femoral vein thrombosis."
84602	"Imaging features of soft-tissue infections and other complications in drug users after direct subcutaneous injection (""skin popping"")"	"54-year-old man, longtime injector of cocaine and heroin, with bilateral groin complications. Patient presented 6 months later with discharging sinus from contralateral groin. Sinograph revealed tortuous irregular sinus tract that communicated with adjacent thrombosed left common femoral vein. Arrowheads show thin catheter in sinus tract opening with short irregular connection to thrombosed vein."
85384	HASTE MRI versus chest radiography in the detection of pulmonary nodules: comparison with MDCT	39-year-old man with melanoma. Posteroanterior chest radiograph depicts both lungs as free of disease.
85385	HASTE MRI versus chest radiography in the detection of pulmonary nodules: comparison with MDCT	39-year-old man with melanoma. Lateral chest radiograph shows no lung nodules.
85386	HASTE MRI versus chest radiography in the detection of pulmonary nodules: comparison with MDCT	"39-year-old man with melanoma. HASTE MR image shows pulmonary metastasis (diameter, 6 mm) in left lower lung lobe behind heart."
85387	HASTE MRI versus chest radiography in the detection of pulmonary nodules: comparison with MDCT	39-year-old man with melanoma. MDCT scan obtained at same level as shows same lesion. Metastasis was confirmed on follow-up MDCT scan obtained 3 months later that revealed increase in size.
85669	Hemophilic pseudotumor involving the musculoskeletal system: spectrum of radiologic findings	"32-year-old man with hemophilia and soft-tissue pseudotumor with secondary infection. Anteroposterior view shows extensive soft-tissue mass in right thigh, resulting in extrinsic cortical erosion of femoral shaft. Skin defect and air bubbles reflect secondary infection and skin necrosis. Note hemophilic involvement of knee joint."
85670	Hemophilic pseudotumor involving the musculoskeletal system: spectrum of radiologic findings	"72-year-old man with hemophilia and two intramuscular pseudotumors and secondary infection. Sagittal T1-weighted spin-echo image (TR/TE, 875/12) shows intramuscular pseudotumor with skin defect and air bubbles , representing secondary infection."
85827	Pulmonary tumorlets: CT findings	56-year-old woman with melanoma. CT scan shows dominant pulmonary nodule and adjacent tiny nodule in right middle lobe. Pathologic examination of wedge resection specimen revealed hyalinized nodule and tumorlet.
85828	Pulmonary tumorlets: CT findings	"56-year-old woman with melanoma. Photomicrograph of histopathologic specimen of resected lung shows small rounded nest of bland, somewhat spindled cells with scant cytoplasm. These cells are indistinguishable from cells of typical carcinoid tumor. No mitotic figures or necrosis is present. (H and E, x 40)"
85947	Translucency rendering in 3D endoluminal CT colonography: a useful tool for increasing polyp specificity and decreasing interpretation time	Asymptomatic 52-year-old man with 15-mm pedunculated adenomatous polyp. Translucency rendering applied to 3D image in shows color pattern characteristic of soft-tissue polyps. Note continuity of red polyp core with its connecting stalk. Translucency rendering can often elucidate pedunculated morphology. Surrounding white area represents tagged fluid on this unsubtracted image.
85948	Translucency rendering in 3D endoluminal CT colonography: a useful tool for increasing polyp specificity and decreasing interpretation time	Asymptomatic 52-year-old man with 15-mm pedunculated adenomatous polyp. Unsubtracted 2D axial prone image shows pedunculated polyp partially surrounded by tagged fluid.
85949	Translucency rendering in 3D endoluminal CT colonography: a useful tool for increasing polyp specificity and decreasing interpretation time	Asymptomatic 67-year-old man with barium-tagged residual stool showing characteristic translucency pattern. Three-dimensional endoluminal image shows 22-mm sessile polypoid lesion.
85950	Translucency rendering in 3D endoluminal CT colonography: a useful tool for increasing polyp specificity and decreasing interpretation time	"Asymptomatic 67-year-old man with barium-tagged residual stool showing characteristic translucency pattern. Translucency rendering applied to 3D image in shows completely white interior, indicative of contrast material tagging. This appearance excludes true polyp, so it is not necessary to interrupt 3D fly-through to perform 2D correlation."
85951	Translucency rendering in 3D endoluminal CT colonography: a useful tool for increasing polyp specificity and decreasing interpretation time	"Asymptomatic 67-year-old man with barium-tagged residual stool showing characteristic translucency pattern. Two-dimensional axial image shows dense fecal matter , although 2D confirmation is superfluous in such cases."
85952	Translucency rendering in 3D endoluminal CT colonography: a useful tool for increasing polyp specificity and decreasing interpretation time	Asymptomatic 66-year-old man with adherent barium-tagged residual stool simulating flat polyp on 3D CT colonography. Three-dimensional endoluminal image shows relatively flat 15-mm polypoid lesion. Appearance and location of this lesion were fixed on both supine and prone 3D images.
85953	Translucency rendering in 3D endoluminal CT colonography: a useful tool for increasing polyp specificity and decreasing interpretation time	"Asymptomatic 66-year-old man with adherent barium-tagged residual stool simulating flat polyp on 3D CT colonography. Translucency rendering applied to 3D image in shows white translucency pattern that is characteristic of tagged adherent stool, so 2D correlation would not be necessary."
85955	Translucency rendering in 3D endoluminal CT colonography: a useful tool for increasing polyp specificity and decreasing interpretation time	Asymptomatic 59-year-old man with adherent stool mimicking 8-mm pedunculated polyp on 3D CT colonography. Translucency rendering applied to 3D image in shows white translucency pattern consistent with tagged adherent stool. Two-dimensional correlation would be redundant.
85959	Translucency rendering in 3D endoluminal CT colonography: a useful tool for increasing polyp specificity and decreasing interpretation time	Untagged stool mimicking true polyp in asymptomatic 55-year-old man who did not take barium as part of colonic preparation. Two-dimensional axial image shows lesion has appearance of true soft-tissue polyp. Barium tagging would have obviated any confusion.
85964	Translucency rendering in 3D endoluminal CT colonography: a useful tool for increasing polyp specificity and decreasing interpretation time	Asymptomatic 71-year-old man with impacted diverticula on CT colonography. Translucency rendering applied to 3D image in shows that lesion blooms in size with white color pattern that is characteristic of barium tagging. Additional impacted diverticulum that was partially obscured by fold in is now clearly seen.
86380	Intussusception in adults: from stomach to rectum	71-year-old woman with jejunojejunal intussusception caused by metastatic malignant melanoma. Contrast-enhanced CT scans show collection of alternating low- and high-attenuation layers surrounded by thin rim of intussuscipiens. Bowel walls of intussusceptum are thickened and well enhanced. Central necrotic mass serves as lead point and is located at tip of intussusceptum. Note another small necrotic nodule in proximal portion of intussusception.
86381	Intussusception in adults: from stomach to rectum	71-year-old woman with jejunojejunal intussusception caused by metastatic malignant melanoma. Contrast-enhanced CT scans show collection of alternating low- and high-attenuation layers surrounded by thin rim of intussuscipiens. Bowel walls of intussusceptum are thickened and well enhanced. Central necrotic mass serves as lead point and is located at tip of intussusceptum. Note another small necrotic nodule in proximal portion of intussusception.
86382	Intussusception in adults: from stomach to rectum	71-year-old woman with jejunojejunal intussusception caused by metastatic malignant melanoma. Radiograph obtained during small-bowel follow-through shows intraluminal masses at duodenum and proximal jejunum. One of these (mass in radiopaque circle) shows irregular barium collection in central ulceration resulting in bull's eye appearance and surrounding coiled spring appearance.
86474	Giant mature cystic teratoma of the adrenal region	21-year-old woman with suspected heart or liver disease. Photograph of gross specimen shows appearance of inner wall of cyst after fluid removal. Note skin and hair structures.
86566	Irrigation of the bile ducts with chilled saline during percutaneous radiofrequency ablation of a hepatic ocular melanoma metastasis	43-year-old woman with liver metastasis. Contrast-enhanced axial CT scan of liver shows solitary liver metastasis adjacent to mildly dilated right hepatic duct.
86567	Irrigation of the bile ducts with chilled saline during percutaneous radiofrequency ablation of a hepatic ocular melanoma metastasis	43-year-old woman with liver metastasis. Contrast-enhanced axial CT scan of liver obtained 3 months after radiofrequency ablation shows hypodense lesion with no contrast enhancement. No change is seen in mildly dilated right hepatic duct.
86987	CT appearances of intraabdominal and intrapelvic fatty lesions	"56-year-old woman with malignant melanoma. Contrast-enhanced CT scan of abdomen reveals lipoma in left kidney resembling simple renal cyst but with completely homogeneous fatty density ( 99 H). (Compare with density of intestinal air and subcutaneous fat.) Note absence of vessels and tissue within lesion, findings that differ from those of angiomyolipomas."
87041	Extratesticular epidermal cyst of the scrotum	"50-year-old man with midline intrascrotal extratesticular epidermal inclusion cyst. Photomicrograph of histopathologic specimen shows epidermal cyst wall with thin layer of benign stratified squamous epithelium and keratinous debris present in cyst. Scrotal skin with basal pigmentation is also noted. (H and E, x 100)"
87330	Nonneoplastic diseases in the chest showing increased activity on FDG PET	"52-year-old man with history of malignant melanoma. Chest radiograph shows focal opacity in lateral right hemithorax , suggestive of metastatic disease. Asterisk indicates large hiatal hernia."
87331	Nonneoplastic diseases in the chest showing increased activity on FDG PET	52-year-old man with history of malignant melanoma. Coronal PET image shows focal area of increased FDG activity corresponding to radiographic abnormality. Normal cardiac activity is noted.
87332	Nonneoplastic diseases in the chest showing increased activity on FDG PET	"52-year-old man with history of malignant melanoma. Chest CT scan reveals rib fracture in lateral right chest wall. No soft-tissue or destructive component is associated with this fracture, and no other abnormality is detected in this region."
87575	Flat colorectal lesions in asymptomatic adults: implications for screening with CT virtual colonoscopy	"66-year-old asymptomatic man with adherent stool simulating true flat lesion. Two-dimensional axial image obtained using soft-tissue window settings shows that lesion is densely tagged with barium , indicating adherent fecal matter."
87970	Mammographic appearance of lymphedema in a TRAM-reconstructed breast	43-year-old woman with bilateral TRAM. Mammograms show diffuse lymphedema in TRAM flap. Left mediolateral oblique and left craniocaudal mammograms show skin thickening and diffuse increased density throughout flap.
87971	Mammographic appearance of lymphedema in a TRAM-reconstructed breast	43-year-old woman with bilateral TRAM. Mammograms show diffuse lymphedema in TRAM flap. Left mediolateral oblique and left craniocaudal mammograms show skin thickening and diffuse increased density throughout flap.
87991	Gastrointestinal stromal tumors in patients with neurofibromatosis: imaging features with clinicopathologic correlation	"Unresectable duodenal gastrointestinal stromal tumor in 52-year-old woman (patient 3 in Table 1) who presented with anemia, gastrointestinal bleeding, and history of neurofibromatosis 1. and Preoperative IV and oral contrast enhanced CT scans show rim-enhancing cavitary mass in fourth portion of duodenum. Calcification is present in inferior portion of mass."
87992	Gastrointestinal stromal tumors in patients with neurofibromatosis: imaging features with clinicopathologic correlation	"Unresectable duodenal gastrointestinal stromal tumor in 52-year-old woman (patient 3 in Table 1) who presented with anemia, gastrointestinal bleeding, and history of neurofibromatosis 1. Preoperative IV and oral contrast enhanced CT scans show rim-enhancing cavitary mass in fourth portion of duodenum. Calcification is present in inferior portion of mass."
87993	Gastrointestinal stromal tumors in patients with neurofibromatosis: imaging features with clinicopathologic correlation	"Unresectable duodenal gastrointestinal stromal tumor in 52-year-old woman (patient 3 in Table 1) who presented with anemia, gastrointestinal bleeding, and history of neurofibromatosis 1. Image from postoperative small-bowel barium examination shows unresectable gastrointestinal stromal tumor in fourth portion of duodenum as mural mass with barium collection in central cavity and fistulous connection to duodenal lumen."
87994	Gastrointestinal stromal tumors in patients with neurofibromatosis: imaging features with clinicopathologic correlation	"Jejunal ganglioneuroma, gastrointestinal stromal tumor, and adenocarcinoma in 52-year-old man (patient 6 in Table 1) who presented with signs and symptoms of small-bowel obstruction and known history of neurofibromatosis 1. IV and oral contrast enhanced CT scans show left adrenal pheochromocytoma ; subcutaneous neurofibroma ; plexiform neurofibroma in right psoas muscle ; and homogeneous nonenhancing oval mass that was jejunal ganglioneuroma and that led to intussusception. Photograph of opened resected surgical specimen shows jejunal ganglioneuroma , adenocarcinoma , and exophytic gastrointestinal stromal tumor."
87995	Gastrointestinal stromal tumors in patients with neurofibromatosis: imaging features with clinicopathologic correlation	"Jejunal ganglioneuroma, gastrointestinal stromal tumor, and adenocarcinoma in 52-year-old man (patient 6 in Table 1) who presented with signs and symptoms of small-bowel obstruction and known history of neurofibromatosis 1. IV and oral contrast enhanced CT scans show left adrenal pheochromocytoma ; subcutaneous neurofibroma ; plexiform neurofibroma in right psoas muscle ; and homogeneous nonenhancing oval mass that was jejunal ganglioneuroma and that led to intussusception. Photograph of opened resected surgical specimen shows jejunal ganglioneuroma , adenocarcinoma , and exophytic gastrointestinal stromal tumor."
87996	Gastrointestinal stromal tumors in patients with neurofibromatosis: imaging features with clinicopathologic correlation	"Jejunal ganglioneuroma, gastrointestinal stromal tumor, and adenocarcinoma in 52-year-old man (patient 6 in Table 1) who presented with signs and symptoms of small-bowel obstruction and known history of neurofibromatosis 1. IV and oral contrast enhanced CT scans show left adrenal pheochromocytoma ; subcutaneous neurofibroma ; plexiform neurofibroma in right psoas muscle ; and homogeneous nonenhancing oval mass that was jejunal ganglioneuroma and that led to intussusception. Photograph of opened resected surgical specimen shows jejunal ganglioneuroma , adenocarcinoma , and exophytic gastrointestinal stromal tumor."
87997	Gastrointestinal stromal tumors in patients with neurofibromatosis: imaging features with clinicopathologic correlation	"Jejunal ganglioneuroma, gastrointestinal stromal tumor, and adenocarcinoma in 52-year-old man (patient 6 in Table 1) who presented with signs and symptoms of small-bowel obstruction and known history of neurofibromatosis 1. Photograph of opened resected surgical specimen shows jejunal ganglioneuroma , adenocarcinoma , and exophytic gastrointestinal stromal tumor."
87998	Gastrointestinal stromal tumors in patients with neurofibromatosis: imaging features with clinicopathologic correlation	"Multiple gastrointestinal stromal tumors in 23-year-old woman (patient 1) with neurofibromatosis 1 who presented with syncope from severe anemia. Preoperative IV and oral contrast enhanced CT scans show proximal jejunal gastrointestinal stromal tumor and two large gastrointestinal stromal tumors in mid abdomen. Also, note mixed solid cystic gastrointestinal stromal tumor adjacent to predominantly cystic gastrointestinal stromal tumor."
87999	Gastrointestinal stromal tumors in patients with neurofibromatosis: imaging features with clinicopathologic correlation	"Multiple gastrointestinal stromal tumors in 23-year-old woman (patient 1) with neurofibromatosis 1 who presented with syncope from severe anemia. Preoperative IV and oral contrast enhanced CT scans show proximal jejunal gastrointestinal stromal tumor and two large gastrointestinal stromal tumors in mid abdomen. Also, note mixed solid cystic gastrointestinal stromal tumor adjacent to predominantly cystic gastrointestinal stromal tumor."
88000	Gastrointestinal stromal tumors in patients with neurofibromatosis: imaging features with clinicopathologic correlation	Multiple gastrointestinal stromal tumors in 23-year-old woman (patient 1) with neurofibromatosis 1 who presented with syncope from severe anemia. Photograph of unopened resected upper jejunum shows innumerable gastrointestinal stromal tumors extending through to serosal surface of jejunum.
88001	Gastrointestinal stromal tumors in patients with neurofibromatosis: imaging features with clinicopathologic correlation	Jejunal gastrointestinal stromal tumor in 49-year-old man (patient 5) with neurofibromatosis 1 who was being evaluated for pneumonia. Axial T1-weighted image shows large well-defined mass in small-bowel mesentery. Mass has central fluid signal intensity and peripheral low signal intensity.
88002	Gastrointestinal stromal tumors in patients with neurofibromatosis: imaging features with clinicopathologic correlation	Jejunal gastrointestinal stromal tumor in 49-year-old man (patient 5) with neurofibromatosis 1 who was being evaluated for pneumonia. Axial fast spin-echo T2-weighted image shows rim of high-signal tumor and central higher-signal-intensity fluid.
88003	Gastrointestinal stromal tumors in patients with neurofibromatosis: imaging features with clinicopathologic correlation	Jejunal gastrointestinal stromal tumor in 49-year-old man (patient 5) with neurofibromatosis 1 who was being evaluated for pneumonia. Photograph of resected surgical specimen shows marked central hemorrhage and degeneration within tumor.
88125	Differential diagnosis of perinephric masses on CT and MRI	76-year-old man with history of malignant melanoma. Contrast-enhanced axial CT image of abdomen shows nodular left perinephric metastasis. Diagnosis was confirmed by concordant progression of perinephric lesion and widespread metastases elsewhere.
88403	Mesenteric gastrointestinal stromal tumor in a patient with neurofibromatosis	57-year-old man who presented with symptoms of gradually increasing abdominal distention and left upper quadrant pain. CT scan shows large mesenteric mass lesion with irregular peripheral enhancement and central cystic areas arising from gastrohepatic ligament.
88404	Mesenteric gastrointestinal stromal tumor in a patient with neurofibromatosis	57-year-old man who presented with symptoms of gradually increasing abdominal distention and left upper quadrant pain. CT scan shows dumbbell-shaped mass with expansion of right S1 neural foramen.
88405	Mesenteric gastrointestinal stromal tumor in a patient with neurofibromatosis	57-year-old man who presented with symptoms of gradually increasing abdominal distention and left upper quadrant pain. Sagittal reformatted CT scan shows mesenteric and sacral masses.
88418	"Vascular tumors of the breast: mammographic, sonographic, and MRI appearances"	"53-year-old woman with superficial mass in left breast that had been present for 30 years but had recently been enlarging. Photograph of cross-section of pathologic specimen shows circumscribed, lobulated, hemorrhagic mass measuring 7.0 x 3.0 x 2.5 cm. Lesion closely approximates overlying skin."
88419	"Vascular tumors of the breast: mammographic, sonographic, and MRI appearances"	"89-year-old woman with palpable mass in medial aspect of right breast that had been present for many years. Blue discoloration of skin is consistent with vascular lesion. At fine-needle aspiration biopsy, mass was found to be benign. Magnified mediolateral mammogram shows well-circumscribed macrolobulated nodule."
88420	"Vascular tumors of the breast: mammographic, sonographic, and MRI appearances"	"89-year-old woman with palpable mass in medial aspect of right breast that had been present for many years. Blue discoloration of skin is consistent with vascular lesion. At fine-needle aspiration biopsy, mass was found to be benign. Power Doppler sonogram obtained in area of palpable mass shows poorly defined region of mildly increased echogenicity compared with that of adjacent fat. Single feeding vessel is visible at periphery of mass, but no blood flow is seen within mass."
88422	"Vascular tumors of the breast: mammographic, sonographic, and MRI appearances"	"83-year-old man with palpable mass in right breast. Sonogram obtained in area of palpable mass shows poorly defined, mixed echogenic and isoechoic lesion. Sixteen-gauge core biopsy was performed under sonographic guidance. Histologic finding was capillary hemangioma."
88423	"Vascular tumors of the breast: mammographic, sonographic, and MRI appearances"	"48-year-old woman with palpable mass in lateral aspect of left breast. As a child, she had received radiation therapy in this area and in axilla for biopsy-proven capillary hemangioma. Bilateral mediolateral oblique mammograms show substantial reduction in size of left breast and increased interstitial markings due to previous radiation therapy. Lobulated mass containing phleboliths is in left axilla."
88424	"Vascular tumors of the breast: mammographic, sonographic, and MRI appearances"	"48-year-old woman with palpable mass in lateral aspect of left breast. As a child, she had received radiation therapy in this area and in axilla for biopsy-proven capillary hemangioma. Sonogram obtained in area of palpable mass shows poorly defined, hypoechoic lesion containing cystic-appearing spaces. No color flow was seen on color Doppler sonography."
88425	"Vascular tumors of the breast: mammographic, sonographic, and MRI appearances"	"48-year-old woman with palpable mass in lateral aspect of left breast. As a child, she had received radiation therapy in this area and in axilla for biopsy-proven capillary hemangioma. Two-dimensional axial gadolinium-enhanced fast spoiled gradient-echo MR image clearly shows extent of hemangioma , which extends into axilla."
89198	CT and MRI features of pure acinar cell carcinoma of the pancreas in adults	"71-year-old man with 3-month history of swelling and pain in peripheral joints, painful cutaneous lumps, and fever. Photograph shows skin nodule at knee that was proven to be fat necrosis."
89285	High-frequency contrast harmonic imaging of ophthalmic tumor perfusion	35-year-old woman with progressive loss of vision. B-mode and power Doppler sonograms show typical choroidal melanoma. Several vessels can be detected on power Doppler sonogram (level 4).
89286	High-frequency contrast harmonic imaging of ophthalmic tumor perfusion	35-year-old woman with progressive loss of vision. B-mode and power Doppler sonograms show typical choroidal melanoma. Several vessels can be detected on power Doppler sonogram (level 4).
89287	High-frequency contrast harmonic imaging of ophthalmic tumor perfusion	"35-year-old woman with progressive loss of vision. Contrast harmonic images show time course of tumor perfusion at 0 , 10 , 33 , and 50 sec after injection of contrast agent. Entire lesion is filled with bubbles, which is representative of hyperperfusion of melanoma (level 4). Fifty seconds after injection of contrast bolus, decline of bubble signals in melanoma is evident."
89288	High-frequency contrast harmonic imaging of ophthalmic tumor perfusion	"35-year-old woman with progressive loss of vision. Contrast harmonic images show time course of tumor perfusion at 0 , 10 , 33 , and 50 sec after injection of contrast agent. Entire lesion is filled with bubbles, which is representative of hyperperfusion of melanoma (level 4). Fifty seconds after injection of contrast bolus, decline of bubble signals in melanoma is evident."
89289	High-frequency contrast harmonic imaging of ophthalmic tumor perfusion	"35-year-old woman with progressive loss of vision. Contrast harmonic images show time course of tumor perfusion at 0 , 10 , 33 , and 50 sec after injection of contrast agent. Entire lesion is filled with bubbles, which is representative of hyperperfusion of melanoma (level 4). Fifty seconds after injection of contrast bolus, decline of bubble signals in melanoma is evident."
89290	High-frequency contrast harmonic imaging of ophthalmic tumor perfusion	"35-year-old woman with progressive loss of vision. Contrast harmonic images show time course of tumor perfusion at 0 , 10 , 33 , and 50 sec after injection of contrast agent. Entire lesion is filled with bubbles, which is representative of hyperperfusion of melanoma (level 4). Fifty seconds after injection of contrast bolus, decline of bubble signals in melanoma is evident."
89291	High-frequency contrast harmonic imaging of ophthalmic tumor perfusion	73-year-old woman with choroidal melanoma that was irradiated before contrast harmonic imaging. Power Doppler sonogram does not show any blood flow within lesion.
89292	High-frequency contrast harmonic imaging of ophthalmic tumor perfusion	73-year-old woman with choroidal melanoma that was irradiated before contrast harmonic imaging. Contrast harmonic image at 23 sec after contrast injection shows lesion that is completely filled with bubble signals (level 4).
89340	Role of 18FFDG PET/CT in the treatment of head and neck cancers: posttherapy evaluation and pitfalls	"60-year-old man with glottic squamous cell cancer who underwent long-term follow-up using FDG-18F PET/CT. Axial fused FDG-18F PET/CT image obtained 4 months after shows focally increased FDG-18F uptake along left skin flap that was not seen on CT portion of examination (not shown). Biopsy of skin was positive for tumor. IJV = internal jugular vein, CA = carotid artery."
89407	"Radiofrequency ablation of thoracic lesions: part 2, initial clinical experience--technical and multidisciplinary considerations in 30 patients"	"Complications from radiofrequency ablation of thoracic lesions and their management. Photograph of sitting 64-year-old man who suffered immediate posterior skin burn on his left mid back at site of entrance of radiofrequency probe and initial localizing 22-gauge needle. Needle was left in place during radiofrequency ablation in this patient, early in our experience. This presumably resulted in retrograde burn that injured skin. Patient needed surgical debridement that eventually led to healing."
89452	Self-expandable metallic biliary stents with permanent access	66-year-old man with obstruction of distal common bile duct due to pancreatic carcinoma. Photograph shows low-profile catheter fixation device (Medi-inn) transfixed to catheter and applied flush to skin.
89453	Self-expandable metallic biliary stents with permanent access	66-year-old man with obstruction of distal common bile duct due to pancreatic carcinoma. Photograph shows low-profile device is covered by Elastoplast bandage (Beiersdorf AG) which maintains it flush to skin.
89597	Assessment of suspected breast cancer by MRI: a prospective clinical trial using a combined kinetic and morphologic analysis	"46-year-old woman with fibroadenoma. Kinetic color map shows fibroadenoma has progressive enhancement curve, which is shown in orange. Note motion artifact along skin surface."
89679	Pulmonary disease in patients with AIDS: high-resolution CT and pathologic findings	"34-year-old man with AIDS and Kaposi's sarcoma. High-resolution CT scan shows marked peribronchial thickening, perivascular nodularity , nodules along interlobar fissures , and thickening of interlobular septa."
89680	Pulmonary disease in patients with AIDS: high-resolution CT and pathologic findings	34-year-old man with AIDS and Kaposi's sarcoma. High-resolution CT scan obtained at more caudal level than shows extensive interlobular septal thickening and centrilobular nodules.
89681	Pulmonary disease in patients with AIDS: high-resolution CT and pathologic findings	"34-year-old man with AIDS and Kaposi's sarcoma. Photomicrograph of histologic specimen shows edema and tumor cells, which produce thickening of interlobular septa. (H and E, x 40)"
89682	Pulmonary disease in patients with AIDS: high-resolution CT and pathologic findings	"34-year-old man with AIDS and Kaposi's sarcoma. Photomicrograph of histologic specimen shows tumor cells infiltrating peribronchiolar connective tissue, which results in centrilobular nodules seen on high-resolution CT. (H and E, x 40)"
89735	Pharyngeal retention cysts: radiographic findings in seven patients	24-year-old woman with granular cell tumor. Frontal view from double-contrast pharyngogram shows smooth submucosal mass etched in white in right piriform sinus. This lesion is indistinguishable from retention cyst on basis of radiographic findings. Dilatation of proximal esophagus above midesophageal stricture (not shown) caused by previous ingestion of potassium chloride tablets was also noted.
89960	Superficial neurofibroma: a lesion with unique MRI characteristics in patients with neurofibromatosis type 1	"24-year-old man with deep, nodular neurofibroma of sciatic nerves in pelvis and gluteal region. Coronal STIR image shows well-defined borders."
89961	Superficial neurofibroma: a lesion with unique MRI characteristics in patients with neurofibromatosis type 1	29-year-old woman with deep neurofibroma of leg. Coronal STIR image shows well-defined borders.
89962	Superficial neurofibroma: a lesion with unique MRI characteristics in patients with neurofibromatosis type 1	39-year-old woman with superficial neurofibroma of lower back. Coronal STIR image shows poorly defined borders. G = gluteal muscles.
89963	Superficial neurofibroma: a lesion with unique MRI characteristics in patients with neurofibromatosis type 1	28-year-old woman with superficial neurofibroma of leg. Coronal STIR image shows poorly defined borders.
89964	Superficial neurofibroma: a lesion with unique MRI characteristics in patients with neurofibromatosis type 1	29-year-old woman with deep neurofibroma of leg. Coronal STIR image shows nodular morphology.
89966	Superficial neurofibroma: a lesion with unique MRI characteristics in patients with neurofibromatosis type 1	51-year-old woman with extensive superficial neurofibroma of leg. Coronal STIR image shows diffuse morphology. C = calcaneus.
89967	Superficial neurofibroma: a lesion with unique MRI characteristics in patients with neurofibromatosis type 1	"24-year-old man with deep, nodular neurofibroma of sciatic nerves in pelvis and gluteal region. Axial STIR image shows targetlike signal intensity."
89968	Superficial neurofibroma: a lesion with unique MRI characteristics in patients with neurofibromatosis type 1	28-year-old woman with superficial neurofibroma of leg. Axial STIR image shows homogeneous signal intensity.
89969	Superficial neurofibroma: a lesion with unique MRI characteristics in patients with neurofibromatosis type 1	54-year-old man with superficial neurofibroma of calf. Axial STIR image shows heterogeneous signal intensity. Flow voids are seen within lesion.
89970	Superficial neurofibroma: a lesion with unique MRI characteristics in patients with neurofibromatosis type 1	33-year-old man with superficial neurofibroma of right posterolateral neck. Axial STIR image shows multiple flow voids consistent with blood vessels.
89971	Superficial neurofibroma: a lesion with unique MRI characteristics in patients with neurofibromatosis type 1	18-year-old man with deep neurofibroma of hand. Coronal STIR image shows multiple serpentine structures resembling vascular malformation. T = thumb.
89991	MRI of adrenal and extraadrenal pheochromocytoma	27-year-old man with neurofibromatosis 1. Axial T2-weighted fat-saturated image shows T2 hyperintense left adrenal mass representing pheochromocytoma. Multiple subcutaneous neurofibromas are also seen.
90074	Characterization of adnexal masses with MRI	"40-year-old woman with mature teratoma. Photomicrograph of histopathologic section obtained through mass shows locules of fat, together with skin and appendages. (H and E, x 80)"
90127	Clip migration within 15 days of 11-gauge vacuum-assisted stereotactic breast biopsy	"A 60-year-old woman with no family or personal history of breast cancer and a previous benign stereotactic breast biopsy in the right breast underwent percutaneous stereotactic-guided biopsy for indeterminate calcifications at the 11 o'clock position of the right breast. Initial preoperative needle localization craniocaudal and 90-degree lateral mammograms show Gel Mark clip (Seno Rx) to be inferiorly, laterally, and posteriorly displaced with respect to biopsy site, where there is minimal hematoma. Initial hookwire placed under stereotactic guidance is shown in close approximation to clip, with skin-entry site denoted by round metallic BB placed on breast."
90128	Clip migration within 15 days of 11-gauge vacuum-assisted stereotactic breast biopsy	"A 60-year-old woman with no family or personal history of breast cancer and a previous benign stereotactic breast biopsy in the right breast underwent percutaneous stereotactic-guided biopsy for indeterminate calcifications at the 11 o'clock position of the right breast. Initial preoperative needle localization craniocaudal and 90-degree lateral mammograms show Gel Mark clip (Seno Rx) to be inferiorly, laterally, and posteriorly displaced with respect to biopsy site, where there is minimal hematoma. Initial hookwire placed under stereotactic guidance is shown in close approximation to clip, with skin-entry site denoted by round metallic BB placed on breast."
90129	Clip migration within 15 days of 11-gauge vacuum-assisted stereotactic breast biopsy	"A 60-year-old woman with no family or personal history of breast cancer and a previous benign stereotactic breast biopsy in the right breast underwent percutaneous stereotactic-guided biopsy for indeterminate calcifications at the 11 o'clock position of the right breast. Final preoperative needle localization craniocaudal and mediolateral oblique mammograms again confirm Gel Mark clip (Seno Rx) to be inferiorly, laterally, and posteriorly displaced with respect to biopsy site, where there is minimal hematoma. Second hookwire placed under stereotactic guidance is through biopsy site, with skin-entry site denoted by two round metallic BBs placed on breast."
90130	Clip migration within 15 days of 11-gauge vacuum-assisted stereotactic breast biopsy	"A 60-year-old woman with no family or personal history of breast cancer and a previous benign stereotactic breast biopsy in the right breast underwent percutaneous stereotactic-guided biopsy for indeterminate calcifications at the 11 o'clock position of the right breast. Final preoperative needle localization craniocaudal and mediolateral oblique mammograms again confirm Gel Mark clip (Seno Rx) to be inferiorly, laterally, and posteriorly displaced with respect to biopsy site, where there is minimal hematoma. Second hookwire placed under stereotactic guidance is through biopsy site, with skin-entry site denoted by two round metallic BBs placed on breast."
90596	Imaging and findings of lipomas of the gastrointestinal tract	"52-year-old man with chronic upper abdominal pain due to multiple lipomas. Patient has Proteus syndrome, which is condition involving atypical growth of bones, skin, and head with tumors of subcutaneous tissue and lipomas of intestine. Anteroposterior view from upper gastrointestinal and small-bowel radiograph shows multiple lobulated polypoid masses in duodenal bulb. Small-bowel radiograph (not shown) revealed many other polypoid filling defects."
90597	Imaging and findings of lipomas of the gastrointestinal tract	"52-year-old man with chronic upper abdominal pain due to multiple lipomas. Patient has Proteus syndrome, which is condition involving atypical growth of bones, skin, and head with tumors of subcutaneous tissue and lipomas of intestine. Axial CT scan shows multilobulated fatty masses in duodenal bulb , diagnostic of lipomas. Multiple large and small hepatic cysts are also shown. CT scans of lower abdomen (not shown) revealed numerous lipomas in small bowel."
90921	PET/CT in the evaluation of childhood sarcomas	"19-year-old woman who presented with left thigh mass proven by biopsy to be high-grade malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor. Anterior maximum-intensity-projection PET image shows primary left thigh tumor , abnormal left pelvic activity , and abnormal focus in thoracic vertebra."
90922	PET/CT in the evaluation of childhood sarcomas	19-year-old woman who presented with left thigh mass proven by biopsy to be high-grade malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor. STIR sagittal MR image of spine shows only subtle lesion corresponding to abnormal focus seen on PET.
90923	PET/CT in the evaluation of childhood sarcomas	"19-year-old woman who presented with left thigh mass proven by biopsy to be high-grade malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor. Axial CT , PET , and fused PET/CT images show intense activity in ninth thoracic vertebral body , which was proven by biopsy to be metastatic disease. Bone metastases are very rare in malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor, and this metastatic deposit was not clinically suspected. Technetium-99m-labeled methyldiphosphonate bone scan obtained the day before PET showed no evidence of disease in thoracic spine."
90924	PET/CT in the evaluation of childhood sarcomas	"19-year-old woman who presented with left thigh mass proven by biopsy to be high-grade malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor. Axial CT , PET , and fused PET/CT images show intense activity in ninth thoracic vertebral body , which was proven by biopsy to be metastatic disease. Bone metastases are very rare in malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor, and this metastatic deposit was not clinically suspected. Technetium-99m-labeled methyldiphosphonate bone scan obtained the day before PET showed no evidence of disease in thoracic spine."
90925	PET/CT in the evaluation of childhood sarcomas	"19-year-old woman who presented with left thigh mass proven by biopsy to be high-grade malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor. Axial CT , PET , and fused PET/CT images show intense activity in ninth thoracic vertebral body , which was proven by biopsy to be metastatic disease. Bone metastases are very rare in malignant peripheral nerve sheath tumor, and this metastatic deposit was not clinically suspected. Technetium-99m-labeled methyldiphosphonate bone scan obtained the day before PET showed no evidence of disease in thoracic spine."
91321	Percutaneous cholecystostomy catheter removal and incidence of clinically significant bile leaks: a clinical approach to catheter management	63-year-old woman 3.5 weeks after gallbladder drainage. Tractogram performed through sheath shows no leak into peritoneum and backflow of contrast material onto skin surface.
91631	Clinical experience with MRI-guided vacuum-assisted breast biopsy	Sagittal T1-weighted images of 78-year-old woman with recently diagnosed left breast infiltrating ductal carcinoma who presented with suspicious enhancing mass in right breast. Image of right breast shows localization grid as low-signal-intensity lines at skin surface and vitamin E marker within grid.
91710	CT colonography after fecal tagging with a reduced cathartic cleansing and a reduced volume of barium	Coronal reformatted image of 55-year-old man shows tagged residual feces 6 mm or greater and less than 6 mm in ascending colon. Descending colon and rectosigmoid are clean.
91713	CT colonography after fecal tagging with a reduced cathartic cleansing and a reduced volume of barium	"73-year-old woman. Supine scan is typical image of nontagged feces 6 mm or greater in transverse colon, presenting as rounded opacity with hyperdense peripheral ring and hypodense center and floating in small pool of barium in dependent part of transverse colon. Efficient tagging of fluid is seen in both descending and ascending colon with some layering at this level."
91715	CT colonography after fecal tagging with a reduced cathartic cleansing and a reduced volume of barium	68-year-old man. Coronal reformatted image through descending colon and part of transverse colon with patient in supine position shows fluid covers 50% or more of colonic lumen on axial slices. Efficient tagging of residual fluid is shown. Densities in fluid correspond to small tagged fecal particles.
91716	CT colonography after fecal tagging with a reduced cathartic cleansing and a reduced volume of barium	68-year-old man. Coronal reformatted image of same region with patient in prone position shows good redistribution of tagged fluid.
91717	CT colonography after fecal tagging with a reduced cathartic cleansing and a reduced volume of barium	"52-year-old man. CT image shows nontagged fluid covers less than 25% of colonic lumen in ascending colon and 25-50% in descending colon. Some tagged feces can be seen in ascending colon, and some nontagged fluid is visible in small bowel."
91757	CT voiding urethrography and virtual urethroscopy: preliminary study with 16-MDCT	"38-year-old man with history of hypospadia after plastic surgery 30 years earlier. He arranged another surgical correction because of dripping after voiding. CT voiding urethrogram, vessel view, shows ectopic urethral orifice in middle of penile shaft and diverticulum within penile skin coverage. White asterisk is at expected location of meatus."
92013	MRI-guided 9-gauge vacuum-assisted breast biopsy: initial clinical experience	"46-year-old woman with prior left mastectomy who had suspicious right breast mass on MRI examination performed for high-risk screening. Small skin nick is present after MRI-guided vacuum-assisted biopsy , which is managed with sterile strips and a sterile gauze bandage."
92014	MRI-guided 9-gauge vacuum-assisted breast biopsy: initial clinical experience	"59-year-old woman with recently diagnosed contralateral (left) breast invasive lobular cancer, who had suspicious right breast mass on MRI examination to assess for other sites of cancer in ipsilateral and contralateral breasts. Axial localizing image from MRI performed on day of biopsy. Vitamin E marker has been placed on skin overlying lesion site, based on review of prior diagnostic MRI. Coil (Biopsy Breast Array Coil, MRI Devices) has breast support that displaces contralateral breast posteriorly, enabling access to medial or lateral skin surface with patient prone. Coil is also useful for patients with thin breasts; placing grids medially and laterally enables grid on far side to function as reverse compression paddle, enabling biopsy device to displace tissue into opening of the grid on far side without piercing skin on far side."
92016	MRI-guided 9-gauge vacuum-assisted breast biopsy: initial clinical experience	"59-year-old woman with recently diagnosed contralateral (left) breast invasive lobular cancer, who had suspicious right breast mass on MRI examination to assess for other sites of cancer in ipsilateral and contralateral breasts. Sagittal T1-weighted contrast-enhanced images show how radiologist determines skin-entry site and depth of insertion of needle. Image on left is same contrast-enhanced sagittal T1-weighted scout image showing the lesion in , with cursor (x) placed over lesion. Image on far right shows vitamin E marker, with different cursor (o) placed over it. Image in center is skin surface, which is identified by indentations from grid lines, evident as low signal-intensity lines like a tic-tac-toe board. By correlating location of cursors over lesion and vitamin E marker on middle image, skin-entry site of needle (i.e., appropriate square and location within square of grid) is determined. Depth of needle insertion is equal to distance between skin (sagittal slice with low signal intensity lines) and lesion; this is determined by multiplying number of sagittal slices between skin and lesion by slice thickness (3 mm)."
92262	Subungual squamous cell carcinoma of the finger	53-year-old woman with subungual squamous cell carcinoma of index finger. Anteroposterior radiograph shows erosion of distal phalanx of index finger.
92263	Subungual squamous cell carcinoma of the finger	53-year-old woman with subungual squamous cell carcinoma of index finger. Lateral radiograph of index finger shows subungual soft-tissue mass eroding distal phalanx.
92264	Subungual squamous cell carcinoma of the finger	"53-year-old woman with subungual squamous cell carcinoma of index finger. Photomicrograph shows deep margin of subungual squamous cell carcinoma (S) containing atypical squamous epithelium with periosteal tissue (P). (H and E, x 100)"
92265	Subungual squamous cell carcinoma of the finger	"53-year-old woman with subungual squamous cell carcinoma of index finger. Photomicrograph shows vascular invasion. (H and E, x 40)"
92414	Primary desmoid tumor (extraabdominal fibromatosis) of the breast	25-year-old lactating woman with desmoid tumor of left breast. Left mediolateral oblique mammogram shows 2-cm spiculated mass in upper left breast close to pectoral muscle. Skin marker indicates lesion is palpable.
92418	Invasive ductal carcinoma with fibrotic focus: mammographic and sonographic findings with histopathologic correlation	Mammographic findings of invasive ductal carcinoma with fibrotic focus. Mammogram in 55-year-old woman with invasive ductal carcinoma with fibrotic focus shows spiculated mass with associated pleomorphic calcifications. Skin lesion is marked in lower left-hand corner.
92587	CT imaging findings of pulmonary neoplasms after treatment with radiofrequency ablation: results in 32 tumors	57-year-old man with melanoma metastatic to right lung. CT fluoroscopic image shows cluster electrode in right lung metastasis that is adjacent to right upper lobe bronchus.
92588	CT imaging findings of pulmonary neoplasms after treatment with radiofrequency ablation: results in 32 tumors	57-year-old man with melanoma metastatic to right lung. Axial CT image immediately after radiofrequency ablation (RFA) shows circumferential rim of ground-glass opacity surrounding neoplasm.
92589	CT imaging findings of pulmonary neoplasms after treatment with radiofrequency ablation: results in 32 tumors	57-year-old man with melanoma metastatic to right lung. Axial CT image obtained 1 month after RFA shows cavitation of treated tumor and adjacent pleural thickening.
92590	CT imaging findings of pulmonary neoplasms after treatment with radiofrequency ablation: results in 32 tumors	57-year-old man with melanoma metastatic to right lung. Axial CT image obtained 6 months after RFA shows resolution of previously visualized cavitation and enlargement of lesion.
93554	Birt-Hogg-Dube syndrome: a rare cause of pulmonary cysts	54-year-old woman with Birt-Hogg-Dube syndrome. High-resolution CT image at level of upper lobes shows two small thin-walled cysts. Intervening lung parenchyma appears normal.
93555	Birt-Hogg-Dube syndrome: a rare cause of pulmonary cysts	"54-year-old woman with Birt-Hogg-Dube syndrome. CT image at level of lower lobes shows multiple cysts of varying sizes , largest of which is seen adjacent to pericardium in right lower lobe."
93556	Birt-Hogg-Dube syndrome: a rare cause of pulmonary cysts	"54-year-old woman with Birt-Hogg-Dube syndrome. Coronal image reconstruction shows large cystic air spaces adjacent to pericardium in right lower lobe and lingula and a few smaller cysts , mainly in left lung."
93588	MRI features of hidradenitis suppurativa and review of the literature	"31-year-old woman with hidradenitis suppurativa. Axial T2-weighted fast spin-echo MR image (3,800/84) obtained through upper thigh with fat saturation shows edema of subcutaneous tissues with skin thickening of high signal intensity."
93589	MRI features of hidradenitis suppurativa and review of the literature	"31-year-old woman with hidradenitis suppurativa. Axial T2-weighted fast spin-echo MR image (3,800/84) of labia majora obtained through perineum with fat saturation shows ovoid area of high signal intensity that is consistent with abscess and reveals skin induration and thickening. Also, note enlarged lymph nodes."
93591	MRI features of hidradenitis suppurativa and review of the literature	"31-year-old woman with hidradenitis suppurativa. Axial T1-weighted spoiled gradient-recalled echo MR image (250/3.1) of labia majora obtained through perineum with fat saturation after IV contrast administration shows marked enhancement of indurated and thickened skin and of subcutaneous tissues. Also, note enhancing enlarged lymph nodes."
93593	MRI features of hidradenitis suppurativa and review of the literature	31-year-old woman with hidradenitis suppurativa. Axial T1-weighted spoiled gradient-recalled echo MR image (250/3.1) obtained through mons pubis with fat saturation after IV contrast administration shows marked enhancement of indurated and thickened skin and inflammatory stranding of subcutaneous tissues.
93594	MRI features of hidradenitis suppurativa and review of the literature	"31-year-old woman with hidradenitis suppurativa. Coronal T1-weighted spoiled gradient-recalled echo MR image (240/2.4) obtained through mons pubis with fat saturation after IV contrast administration shows enlarged lymph nodes. Also, note marked enhancement of indurated and thickened skin and inflammatory stranding of subcutaneous tissues."
93595	MRI features of hidradenitis suppurativa and review of the literature	"31-year-old woman with hidradenitis suppurativa. Coronal T1-weighted spoiled gradient-recalled echo MR image (240/2.4) obtained with fat saturation after IV contrast administration shows small rim-enhancing area within medial thigh that is compatible with abscess. Also, note skin induration and thickening with inflammatory stranding of subcutaneous tissues."
93878	On the AJR viewbox. Segmental septation of the inferior vena cava	54-year-old man who underwent CT to rule out melanoma metastases. Axial CT scan shows double-channel appearance of infrarenal segment of inferior vena cava.
93879	On the AJR viewbox. Segmental septation of the inferior vena cava	54-year-old man who underwent CT to rule out melanoma metastases. Sagittal reformatted image of inferior vena cava clearly shows thin adipose septum within infrarenal segment of inferior vena cava.
94155	MRI of merkel cell carcinoma: histologic correlation and review of the literature	"MR images of typical patient with Merkel cell carcinoma show one unique imaging finding of Merkel cell carcinoma: positive anatomic alignment of subcutaneous lymphatic tumor nodules. Patient is 63-year-old man with primary tumor in skin of right popliteal fossa. Axial T1-weighted image (TR/TE, 480/14) shows multiple skin and subcutaneous metastases in anterior proximal thigh. Because these are lymphatic metastases and are small, small regions of fat remain between tumor nodules."
94156	MRI of merkel cell carcinoma: histologic correlation and review of the literature	"MR images of typical patient with Merkel cell carcinoma show one unique imaging finding of Merkel cell carcinoma: positive anatomic alignment of subcutaneous lymphatic tumor nodules. Patient is 63-year-old man with primary tumor in skin of right popliteal fossa. Corresponding axial STIR image (4,800/60; inversion time, 180 msec) shows high signal intensity of skin and subcutaneous lymphatic metastases , an example of positive anatomic alignment of subcutaneous lymphatic tumor nodules. Marked reticular stranding in subcutaneous fat is also seen. Histologically these two findings were shown to represent lymphangitis carcinomatosa. Lymph node metastases are seen adjacent to proximal superficial femoral artery."
94157	MRI of merkel cell carcinoma: histologic correlation and review of the literature	"MR images of typical patient with Merkel cell carcinoma show one unique imaging finding of Merkel cell carcinoma: positive anatomic alignment of subcutaneous lymphatic tumor nodules. Patient is 63-year-old man with primary tumor in skin of right popliteal fossa. Axial STIR image (4,800/60; inversion time, 180 msec), obtained inferior in relation to and shows perifascial intramuscular metastasis and extensive reticular stranding in anterior and medial subcutaneous fat of thigh."
94158	MRI of merkel cell carcinoma: histologic correlation and review of the literature	MR images of typical patient with Merkel cell carcinoma show one unique imaging finding of Merkel cell carcinoma: positive anatomic alignment of subcutaneous lymphatic tumor nodules. Patient is 63-year-old man with primary tumor in skin of right popliteal fossa. Contrast-enhanced T1-weighted fat-saturated image (684/14) shows diffuse contrast enhancement within subcutaneous and intramuscular metastases.
94159	MRI of merkel cell carcinoma: histologic correlation and review of the literature	"MR images of typical patient with Merkel cell carcinoma show one unique imaging finding of Merkel cell carcinoma: positive anatomic alignment of subcutaneous lymphatic tumor nodules. Patient is 63-year-old man with primary tumor in skin of right popliteal fossa. Photomicrograph of histology section shows skin surface and tumor mass within subcutaneous fat. (H and E, x 2.5)"
94160	MRI of merkel cell carcinoma: histologic correlation and review of the literature	"MR images of typical patient with Merkel cell carcinoma show one unique imaging finding of Merkel cell carcinoma: positive anatomic alignment of subcutaneous lymphatic tumor nodules. Patient is 63-year-old man with primary tumor in skin of right popliteal fossa. Enlargement of photomicrograph shown in reveals subcutaneous tumor mass is composed of dense small blue cells with hyperchromatic nuclei, minimal cytoplasm, and frequent mitoses. These histologic features may account for slight increased signal intensity on T1 weighting within small subcutaneous nodules. (H and E, x 10)"
94161	MRI of merkel cell carcinoma: histologic correlation and review of the literature	"MR images of typical patient with Merkel cell carcinoma show one unique imaging finding of Merkel cell carcinoma: positive anatomic alignment of subcutaneous lymphatic tumor nodules. Patient is 63-year-old man with primary tumor in skin of right popliteal fossa. Photomicrograph of histology section shows lymphatic tumor invasion and dilated lymphatic vessels , which correspond to reticular stranding and subcutaneous nodules on MRI. (H and E, x 5)"
94162	MRI of merkel cell carcinoma: histologic correlation and review of the literature	"Example of large lymph node metastases with compressed retained fatty tissue in 86-year-old man with primary tumor site in skin of axilla. Axial T1-weighted image (TR/TE, 534/12) of right axilla shows large lymph node metastatic mass with fine, compressed, retained fatty tissue."
94163	MRI of merkel cell carcinoma: histologic correlation and review of the literature	"Example of large lymph node metastases with compressed retained fatty tissue in 86-year-old man with primary tumor site in skin of axilla. Sagittal T1-weighted image (534/12) of axillary lymph nodal metastases, measuring 20 x 7 x 12 cm, shows subtle fine, compressed, retained fatty tissue of fat signal intensity."
94164	MRI of merkel cell carcinoma: histologic correlation and review of the literature	Example of large lymph node metastases with compressed retained fatty tissue in 86-year-old man with primary tumor site in skin of axilla. Axial T1-weighted contrast-enhanced fat-saturated image (524/12) shows evidence of tumor necrosis.
94165	MRI of merkel cell carcinoma: histologic correlation and review of the literature	"Example of large lymph node metastases with compressed retained fatty tissue in 86-year-old man with primary tumor site in skin of axilla. Photomicrograph of histology section of tumor mass with central necrosis corresponding to tumor necrosis shown in. Infiltration of adjacent fat tissue is noted. (H and E, x 2.5)"
94166	MRI of merkel cell carcinoma: histologic correlation and review of the literature	"77-year-old man with primary tumor site in periorbital region. Axial T1-weighted image (TR/TE, 750/25) before radiation therapy shows sternum."
94167	MRI of merkel cell carcinoma: histologic correlation and review of the literature	77-year-old man with primary tumor site in periorbital region. Corresponding axial T1-weighted contrast-enhanced fat-saturated image (601/12) shows large exophytic soft-tissue component.
94168	MRI of merkel cell carcinoma: histologic correlation and review of the literature	"77-year-old man with primary tumor site in periorbital region. Axial T1-weighted image (750/25) 1 month after radiation therapy (total dose, 45 Gy) shows excellent response with marked reduction in tumor bulk of sternal disease. In our series after local radiation therapy, there was typically marked reduction of tumor bulk or excellent tumor response."
94169	MRI of merkel cell carcinoma: histologic correlation and review of the literature	77-year-old man with primary tumor site in periorbital region. Corresponding axial T1-weighted contrast-enhanced fat-saturated image (159/48) shows excellent response to radiation therapy with marked reduction of exophytic soft-tissue component of sternal tumor.
94230	MRI of cranial nerve enhancement	"48-year-old woman with metastatic melanoma and meningeal carcinomatosis. Contrast-enhanced axial ( and ) and coronal T1-weighted images show enhancement and involvement of multiple cranial nerves: oculomotor nerves ; trigeminal nerves ; complex of seventh and eighth cranial nerves ; complex of ninth, tenth, and eleventh cranial nerves ; and hypoglossal nerves."
94231	MRI of cranial nerve enhancement	"48-year-old woman with metastatic melanoma and meningeal carcinomatosis. Contrast-enhanced axial ( and ) and coronal T1-weighted images show enhancement and involvement of multiple cranial nerves: oculomotor nerves ; trigeminal nerves ; complex of seventh and eighth cranial nerves ; complex of ninth, tenth, and eleventh cranial nerves ; and hypoglossal nerves."
94232	MRI of cranial nerve enhancement	"48-year-old woman with metastatic melanoma and meningeal carcinomatosis. Contrast-enhanced axial ( and ) and coronal T1-weighted images show enhancement and involvement of multiple cranial nerves: oculomotor nerves ; trigeminal nerves ; complex of seventh and eighth cranial nerves ; complex of ninth, tenth, and eleventh cranial nerves ; and hypoglossal nerves."
94233	MRI of cranial nerve enhancement	"48-year-old woman with metastatic melanoma and meningeal carcinomatosis. Contrast-enhanced axial ( and ) and coronal T1-weighted images show enhancement and involvement of multiple cranial nerves: oculomotor nerves ; trigeminal nerves ; complex of seventh and eighth cranial nerves ; complex of ninth, tenth, and eleventh cranial nerves ; and hypoglossal nerves."
94234	MRI of cranial nerve enhancement	"48-year-old woman with metastatic melanoma and meningeal carcinomatosis. Contrast-enhanced axial ( and ) and coronal T1-weighted images show enhancement and involvement of multiple cranial nerves: oculomotor nerves ; trigeminal nerves ; complex of seventh and eighth cranial nerves ; complex of ninth, tenth, and eleventh cranial nerves ; and hypoglossal nerves."
94702	Intraductal papilloma: features on MR ductography using a microscopic coil	54-year-old woman with intraductal papilloma. Axial T1-weighted precontrast image shows hyperintense dilated proximal (P) and distal (D) duct with well-circumscribed isointense intraductal lesion 8 mm in diameter.
94703	Intraductal papilloma: features on MR ductography using a microscopic coil	54-year-old woman with intraductal papilloma. Axial T2-weighted image shows hyperintense dilated duct with well-circumscribed isointense intraductal lesion.
94704	Intraductal papilloma: features on MR ductography using a microscopic coil	54-year-old woman with intraductal papilloma. Early phase of T1-weighted contrast-enhanced image shows homogeneous enhancement of intraductal lesion.
94705	Intraductal papilloma: features on MR ductography using a microscopic coil	"54-year-old woman with intraductal papilloma. Histopathology reveals epithelial fronds supported by fibrovascular stroma composed of epithelial cells and myoepithelial cells arising from duct. (H and E, x 1)"
94706	Intraductal papilloma: features on MR ductography using a microscopic coil	"54-year-old woman with intraductal papilloma. Histopathology reveals epithelial cells lining luminal aspect of duct, myoepithelial cells , and fibrovascular stroma (S). (H and E, x 100)"
94918	Radiologic management of cysts in the abdomen and pelvis	"63-year-old woman with malignant melanoma. Sonographic image showing small inguinal lymphocele, which, because of its location in groin, was symptomatic despite its small size."
94919	Radiologic management of cysts in the abdomen and pelvis	63-year-old woman with malignant melanoma. Sonographic image showing draining needle in lymphocele. Echogenic dots in middle of cyst is the needle.
94920	Radiologic management of cysts in the abdomen and pelvis	63-year-old woman with malignant melanoma. Postalcohol sclerosis sonographic image showing resolution of lymphocele seen in.
95260	Focal parenchymal lung lesions showing a potential of false-positive and false-negative interpretations on integrated PET/CT	Sclerosing hemangioma in 40-year-old woman. Mediastinal window of enhanced CT scan (5.0-mm collimation) obtained at level of right middle lobar bronchus shows 2.2-cm enhancing nodule in right middle lobe.
95261	Focal parenchymal lung lesions showing a potential of false-positive and false-negative interpretations on integrated PET/CT	Sclerosing hemangioma in 40-year-old woman. High F-18-FDG uptake (peak standardized uptake value = 5.3) is seen on PET image.
95346	Computer-assisted reader software versus expert reviewers for polyp detection on CT colonography	Asymptomatic 68-year-old man undergoing colorectal cancer screening. Axial CT colonographic images show 11-mm polyp in ascending colonic polyp that was not detected by polyp enhancement filter setting tested. Polyp is submerged in tagged fluid on both supine and prone images.
95347	Computer-assisted reader software versus expert reviewers for polyp detection on CT colonography	Asymptomatic 68-year-old man undergoing colorectal cancer screening. Axial CT colonographic images show 11-mm polyp in ascending colonic polyp that was not detected by polyp enhancement filter setting tested. Polyp is submerged in tagged fluid on both supine and prone images.
95350	Computer-assisted reader software versus expert reviewers for polyp detection on CT colonography	Asymptomatic 65-year-old woman undergoing colorectal cancer screening. Axial CT colonographic image shows false-positive polyp finding highlighted by CAR (computer-assisted reader) software (Medicsight PLC) at interface of air and tagged fluid. False-positive finding is easily dismissed on axial scrolling.
100001	Perineural spread of malignant melanoma of the head and neck: clinical and imaging features	"Patient 3, a 78-year-old man status post prior resection of a desmoplastic melanoma of the left forehead presents with numbness over left forehead and diplopia. A, Contrast-enhanced axial T1-weighted image (600/11/2 [TR/TE/NEX]) with fat saturation demonstrates abnormal enhancement in the left CN III   and cavernous sinus. There is also enhancement in the left temporalis muscle secondary to denervation change. B, Contrast-enhanced coronal T1-weighted image (600/11/2) with fat saturation demonstrates abnormal soft tissue prominence and enhancement at the level of the left frontal nerve. Increased signal intensity of the left temporalis muscle is consistent with denervation change. In addition, a small left subdural hematoma   is incidentally noted in this elderly patient. This demonstrated intrinsic T1 shortening consistent with blood products and resolved on a follow-up scan (not shown). C, A more posterior contrast-enhanced coronal T1-weighted image (600/11/2) with fat saturation demonstrates enhancing soft tissue in Meckel's cave on the left  , consistent with involvement of the gasserian ganglion, as well as abnormal enhancement and enlargement of the left CN III   and abnormal enhancement and enlargement of the left CN VI   as well."
100002	Perineural spread of malignant melanoma of the head and neck: clinical and imaging features	"Patient 2, a 29-year-old man status post prior resection of a desmoplastic melanoma of the lower lip presents with decreased sensation over his left lower jaw. A, Contrast-enhanced axial T1-weighted image (600/11/2) with fat saturation demonstrates a mass   just medial to the mandibular foramen, as well as subtle decrease in bulk of the left-sided muscles of mastication. B, Contrast-enhanced coronal T1-weighted image (600/11/2) with fat saturation demonstrates enlargement and abnormal enhancement of the left CN V3   from the level of the mandibular foramen up to the left Meckel's cave, consistent with perineural spread of tumor."
100004	Perineural spread of malignant melanoma of the head and neck: clinical and imaging features	"Patient 5, a 70-year-old woman with a history of desmoplastic melanoma involving the right nose, presents with right-sided facial pain. A, Contrast-enhanced axial T1-weighted image (600/11/2) with fat saturation demonstrates a soft tissue mass in the right Meckel's cave and cavernous sinus. There is enhancement of the right temporalis muscle secondary to denervation change. B, A more inferior contrast-enhanced axial T1-weighted image (600/11/2) with fat saturation demonstrates a soft tissue mass enlarging the right foramen rotundum. In addition, there is questionable spread along the GSPN. C, A more inferior contrast-enhanced axial T1-weighted image (600/11/2) with fat saturation demonstrates involvement of the foramen ovale, which is enlarged and shows abnormal enhancement. The patient received gamma knife radiosurgery to the right skull base and adjacent soft tissues and improved symptomatically. One year after treatment, however, the patient had interval progression of disease to involve CNs III-XII on the right, and a follow-up MR was performed. D, Contrast-enhanced axial T1-weighted image (600/11/2) with fat saturation demonstrates an enhancing soft tissue mass   at the level of the root entry zone of right CN V. E, A more inferior contrast-enhanced axial T1-weighted image (600/11/2) with fat saturation shows progression in the right cavernous sinus/Meckel's cave region, as well as clear-cut enhancement of the right GSPN  , with enhancement now extending into the distal right internal auditory canal."
100005	Perineural spread of malignant melanoma of the head and neck: clinical and imaging features	"Patient 6, a 49-year-old woman presenting with a mass on her left upper lip. Biopsy confirmed melanoma, and she was treated with surgery and radiation. A follow-up scan was performed in April 2002, 5 months after her initial surgery, and further follow-up was performed in October 2002. A, Coronal T1-weighted image (600/11/2) demonstrates no abnormality of the infraorbital nerve. B, In follow-up 6 months later, the patient noted left cheek numbness and tingling, and a repeat MR was performed. Coronal T1-weighted image (600/11/2) was initially interpreted as negative, but further review demonstrates enlargement of the left infraorbital nerve. C, Coronal T2-weighted image (4000/102/2) demonstrating that the enlarged left infraorbital nerve is low in signal intensity and not consistent with benign sinus contents adjacent to the infraorbital canal. D, Contrast-enhanced coronal T1-weighted image (600/11/2) with fat saturation demonstrating clear cut enlargement and enhancement of the left infraorbital nerve. The patient was taken to repeat resection, and perineural spread of malignant melanoma was confirmed."
101022	Use of radio-frequency ablation for the palliative treatment of sacral chordoma	"A 72-year-old male patient with recurrent sacral chordoma and regional invasion. All the images are obtained in the transverse plane T2-weighted Turbo spin-echo. Images A and B were obtained in December 2002; C and D depict the same regions as those of A and B (obtained August 2003). A, the single arrow points to invasion of the right gluteus muscle with extension into the subcutaneous tissues and the skin. The double arrow points to the involvement of the left gluteus muscle with encasement of the tract of the left sciatic nerve, which is not clearly defined and probably encased. Note the presence of invasion of the perineum bilaterally   shows regional invasion of the posterior pelvic wall with invasion of the sacrum, the piriformis muscle, and bilateral extension into the gluteus muscles. In addition, a metastatic deposit is seen anterior to the left sartorius muscle. Large metastatic iliac nodes are also noted. C, obtained in August 2003 (8 months later) at approximately the same level as A, shows the first site treated devoid of tumor tissue. The component at the skin remains intact. The third site treated   shows debulking of the tumor. Note that the left sciatic nerve tract and the fat planes surrounding it are better visualized, because of the retraction of the tumor secondary to ablation. Also note the increase in the extent of the involvement of the perineum with significant compression of the structures within it. The nontreated mass in the left gluteus muscle, laterally, increased in size. D, obtained in August 2003 at approximately the same level as B, shows the sacral masses, which were treated with significant loss of substance and volume. Note the reexpansion of the spaces at both sciatic notches with resultant decompression of both sciatic nerves tracts. Also note the remarkable increase in the involvement of the pelvic cavity with compression of the pelvic structures along the midline. There are also now more tumoral masses in the nontreated areas at the gluteus muscles bilaterally with atrophy of the left gluteus muscle."
101937	MR imaging of salivary duct carcinoma	"SDC in the left parotid gland of a 48-year-old man. A, T2-weighted image (4000/104 [TR/TE], coronal plane) shows a tumor with ill-defined margin. The tumor shows low   to moderately high signal intensity for the contralateral parotid gland. B, STIR image (4000/30, axial plane) also shows a hypointensity focus   in the tumor. The border of the tumor is invasive. C, T1-weighted image (400/9, axial plane) shows an isointense tumor. D, Third phase images on dynamic study (6.3/1.4, axial plane) show irregular enhancement. Marked enhanced area (region of interest 1), well-enhanced area (region of interest 2), and gradual upward enhanced area (region of interest 3) are detected. E, Signal intensity graph shows that the washout ratio of region of interest 1 is 35% (type A) and that of region of interest 2 is 13% (type B). Time-signal intensity curves of region of interest 3 show gradual upward enhancement (type C). F, Radical parotidectomy including facial nerve, mastoid tip, and skin was performed. Tumor extension from the cut specimen   is in good agreement with the MR images. The focus showing hypointensity on STIR and T2-weighted images and gradual upward enhancement on dynamic MR images corresponding to the fibrotic area. G, The light-optic appearance (original magnification x40) in region of interest 1 shows abundant atypical epithelial cells   with fibrotic stromata. H, The light-optic appearance (original magnification x40) in region of interest 2 shows atypical epithelial cells   with fibrotic stromata and many foci of comedonecrosis. I, The light-optic appearance (original magnification x40) in region of interest 3 shows dense fibrotic tissue with cellular components."
103490	Radiologic findings of peripheral primitive neuroectodermal tumor arising in the retroperitoneum	"Photomicrograph of histopathologic specimen of renal peripheral primitive neuroectodermal tumor (PNET) from 30-year-old man (patient 6). Stain shows diffuse infiltration of small round cells (H and E,  x 20). "
103491	Radiologic findings of peripheral primitive neuroectodermal tumor arising in the retroperitoneum	"Photomicrograph of histopathologic specimen of renal peripheral primitive neuroectodermal tumor (PNET) from 30-year-old man (patient 6). Immunohistochemical stain for CD99 (MIC2) reveals strong reactivity for CD99, which is typically detected not only in PNETs but also in Ewing's sarcoma (original magnification,  x 4). "
103492	Radiologic findings of peripheral primitive neuroectodermal tumor arising in the retroperitoneum	"Photomicrograph of histopathologic specimen of renal peripheral primitive neuroectodermal tumor (PNET) from 30-year-old man (patient 6). Immunohistochemical stain for neuronal marker shows strong reactivity for neuron-specific enolase, which differentiates PNETs from other small round cell tumors, such as Ewing's sarcoma and neuroblastoma. "
103493	Radiologic findings of peripheral primitive neuroectodermal tumor arising in the retroperitoneum	25-year-old woman with peripheral primitive neuroectodermal tumor arising in left adrenal gland who had palliative tumorectomy for right atrial mass (patient 1). Contrast-enhanced CT image shows inhomogeneous enhancement with large area of central necrosis. Note tumor invasion into inferior vena cava (IVC). 
103494	Radiologic findings of peripheral primitive neuroectodermal tumor arising in the retroperitoneum	25-year-old woman with peripheral primitive neuroectodermal tumor arising in left adrenal gland who had palliative tumorectomy for right atrial mass (patient 1). CT of chest shows that tumor thrombus within IVC seen in   extended into right atrium. 
103495	Radiologic findings of peripheral primitive neuroectodermal tumor arising in the retroperitoneum	25-year-old woman with peripheral primitive neuroectodermal tumor arising in left adrenal gland who had palliative tumorectomy for right atrial mass (patient 1). Photograph of gross specimen from palliative tumorectomy shows tumor thrombus. 
103496	Radiologic findings of peripheral primitive neuroectodermal tumor arising in the retroperitoneum	58-year-old man with peripheral primitive neuroectodermal tumor arising in left perinephric space (patient 7). T2-weighted coronal image shows relatively well-defined mass in perinephric space. Mass shows intermediate signal intensity. 
103497	Radiologic findings of peripheral primitive neuroectodermal tumor arising in the retroperitoneum	58-year-old man with peripheral primitive neuroectodermal tumor arising in left perinephric space (patient 7). Mass reveals low signal intensity   on T1-weighted coronal image. 
103498	Radiologic findings of peripheral primitive neuroectodermal tumor arising in the retroperitoneum	"58-year-old man with peripheral primitive neuroectodermal tumor arising in left perinephric space (patient 7). On contrast-enhanced coronal T1-weighted image, mass shows homogeneous, minimal enhancement. "
103499	Radiologic findings of peripheral primitive neuroectodermal tumor arising in the retroperitoneum	72-year-old man with peripheral primitive neuroectodermal tumor arising in left anterior pararenal space (patient 3). Unenhanced CT scan shows large hypodense mass in left upper abdomen. 
103500	Radiologic findings of peripheral primitive neuroectodermal tumor arising in the retroperitoneum	"72-year-old man with peripheral primitive neuroectodermal tumor arising in left anterior pararenal space (patient 3). Contrast-enhanced CT scan shows inhomogeneous mass with ill-defined areas of low density, suggesting necrosis. Intervening fat between mass and pancreas and left kidney was obliterated because of direct invasion by mass. Mass also invades spleen and encases splenic artery and vein (not shown). "
103501	Radiologic findings of peripheral primitive neuroectodermal tumor arising in the retroperitoneum	72-year-old man with peripheral primitive neuroectodermal tumor arising in left anterior pararenal space (patient 3). Chest CT scan was performed because of chest pain and shows right hilar   and mediastinal   lymph nodes with left pleural effusion. Cytologic examination of pleural fluid revealed metastatic disease. 
103505	Radiologic findings of peripheral primitive neuroectodermal tumor arising in the retroperitoneum	30-year-old man with peripheral primitive neuroectodermal tumor in left kidney (patient 6). Axial T2-weighted MR image shows heterogeneous intermediate- to high-signal mass   with thrombus   in left renal vein and inferior vena cava. 
103506	Radiologic findings of peripheral primitive neuroectodermal tumor arising in the retroperitoneum	"30-year-old man with peripheral primitive neuroectodermal tumor in left kidney (patient 6). Photograph of gross specimen from nephrectomy shows soft, yellow-tan large mass with necrotic focus   in left kidney. "
103507	Radiologic findings of peripheral primitive neuroectodermal tumor arising in the retroperitoneum	30-year-old man with peripheral primitive neuroectodermal tumor in left kidney (patient 6). Contrast-enhanced CT scan of chest was performed because of dyspnea. Tumor emboli   in right interlobar and segmental pulmonary arteries were histologically confirmed. Note subsegmental infarct   of superior segment of right lower lobe. 
103508	Radiologic findings of peripheral primitive neuroectodermal tumor arising in the retroperitoneum	30-year-old man with peripheral primitive neuroectodermal tumor in left kidney (patient 6). Photograph of gross specimen from embolectomy shows representative tumor emboli in pulmonary and interlobar arteries. 
103512	Radiologic findings of peripheral primitive neuroectodermal tumor arising in the retroperitoneum	29-year-old man with peripheral primitive neuroectodermal tumor of periureteric space (patient 8). Retrograde pyelogram shows space-occupying lesion   around right ureter with contrast leak   from ureter. 
103513	Radiologic findings of peripheral primitive neuroectodermal tumor arising in the retroperitoneum	"29-year-old man with peripheral primitive neuroectodermal tumor of periureteric space (patient 8). Contrast-enhanced CT shows well-encapsulated mass   around right distal ureter, which is compressed by mass, resulting in obstructive hydroureteronephrosis. Curved arrow marks contralateral ureter. "
103514	Radiologic findings of peripheral primitive neuroectodermal tumor arising in the retroperitoneum	45-year-old man with peripheral primitive neuroectodermal tumor involving right kidney mimicking cystic renal cell carcinoma (patient 4). Unenhanced CT scan shows hypodense mass   in central portion of right kidney. 
103515	Radiologic findings of peripheral primitive neuroectodermal tumor arising in the retroperitoneum	45-year-old man with peripheral primitive neuroectodermal tumor involving right kidney mimicking cystic renal cell carcinoma (patient 4). Contrast-enhanced CT scan shows cystic renal mass   with enhancing nodule. 
103759	CT and MRI of adnexal masses in patients with primary nonovarian malignancy	17-year-old girl with widely disseminated melanoma. Axial CT image shows confluent and predominantly cystic bilateral adnexal metastases. 
103933	MRI of the peritoneum: spectrum of abnormalities	"39-year-old woman with neurofibromatosis type 1. Axial T1-weighted volumetric interpolated breath-hold image obtained after IV administration of gadolinium chelate shows heterogeneously enhancing mass   involving small-bowel mesentery, representing neurofibromatosis. "
104085	Truncation artifact on PET/CT: impact on measurements of activity concentration and assessment of a correction algorithm	"55-year-old man with history of metastatic melanoma. Reprinted from [ ]. Coronal CT  , PET  , and coregistered PET/CT   images obtained before   and after   truncation correction. Metastasis   in upper right extremity is located in truncated region of CT image. Before truncation correction, maximum standard uptake value (SUV) measurement in 1.5-cm region of interest drawn on metastasis was 3.25, and after truncation correction maximum, SUV was 6.05-a difference of 86%. "
104086	Truncation artifact on PET/CT: impact on measurements of activity concentration and assessment of a correction algorithm	"55-year-old man with history of metastatic melanoma. Reprinted from [ ]. Coronal CT  , PET  , and coregistered PET/CT   images obtained before   and after   truncation correction. Metastasis   in upper right extremity is located in truncated region of CT image. Before truncation correction, maximum standard uptake value (SUV) measurement in 1.5-cm region of interest drawn on metastasis was 3.25, and after truncation correction maximum, SUV was 6.05-a difference of 86%. "
104107	Role of radiologic features in the management of papillary lesions of the breast	Sonogram in 48-year-old woman shows irregular lesion with indistinct border and microcalcification   inside lesion. Mastectomy confirmed papilloma with foci of carcinoma in situ. 
104111	"Is surgical excision warranted after benign, concordant diagnosis of papilloma at percutaneous breast biopsy?"	56-year-old woman with left breast bloody nipple discharge. Histologic analysis of stereotactic biopsy material shows benign papilloma. (H and E) 
104112	"Is surgical excision warranted after benign, concordant diagnosis of papilloma at percutaneous breast biopsy?"	"56-year-old woman with left breast bloody nipple discharge. Mediolateral oblique left mammogram obtained 22 months after biopsy shows interval development of new mammographic mass at biopsy site, corresponding to palpable lump denoted by radiopaque skin marker. "
104113	"Is surgical excision warranted after benign, concordant diagnosis of papilloma at percutaneous breast biopsy?"	"56-year-old woman with left breast bloody nipple discharge. Histology slide from surgical excision shows benign papilloma centrally and infiltrating ductal carcinoma at periphery. Review of all slides from surgical excision yielded revealed infiltrating ductal carcinoma, poorly differentiated, measuring 1.8 cm, and ductal carcinoma in situ, admixed with papilloma. Patient had lumpectomy and sentinel node biopsy, with negative sentinel lymph nodes. (H and E) "
104114	Streaming detection for evaluation of indeterminate sonographic breast masses: a pilot study	47-year-old woman with palpable mass in axillary tail of left breast diagnosed as simple cyst with conventional B-mode sonography and aspiration. Sonogram of left breast shows 11-mm simple cyst located 5 mm from skin surface. 
105894	CT halo sign: the spectrum of pulmonary diseases	"Kaposi sarcoma in a 29-year-old woman with a history of renal transplantation. Thin-section CT at the level of the carina shows multiple nodules with a surrounding halo of ground glass opacity in both lungs, which are dissimilar to flame-shaped lesions, the classic findings of Kaposi sarcoma. "
105921	Quantitative assessment of mammographic breast density: relationship with breast cancer risk	"Mammograms obtained in a 65-year-old woman taking 1 mg estradiol daily. A, Right mediolateral oblique view from a baseline mammogram shows heterogeneously moderate breast density. B, One year later, the right mediolateral oblique view from a screening mammogram shows that the breast density has undergone mild diffuse increase with development of a focal density (arrow). C, Right mediolateral oblique view from a diagnostic mammogram obtained after stopping estrogen for 2 weeks shows that the focal density has resolved and the appearance is similar to that at baseline. Metallic marker identifies an incidental skin lesion. "
105926	Invasive cancers detected after breast cancer screening yielded a negative result: relationship of mammographic density to tumor prognostic factors	"craniocaudal views of the left breast of a 53-year-old woman with BI-RADS category 4 breast density; the images on the left were obtained 10 months before those on the right in both   and. The images on the left in   and   were interpreted as negative for cancer. At the time the images on the right were obtained, the patient had presented for diagnostic mammography because of a palpable lump. A metallic marker (small arrow) was placed on the skin at the site of the palpable lump. A 2.9-cm mass (large arrow) was identified and proved to be an invasive ductal carcinoma. "
106505	Computer-aided detection output on 172 subtle findings on normal mammograms previously obtained in women with breast cancer detected at follow-up screening mammography	"Mammograms obtained in 61-year-old woman show a BI-RADS 1 lesion seen at unblinded rereview with CAD output. Normal-appearing CAD output shows low-spatial-resolution mammograms (from left to right: right craniocaudal, left craniocaudal, right mediolateral-oblique, left mediolateral-oblique views) and marked findings. The CAD system marked the focal island of tissue (*) on only the right mediolateral-oblique view (left image on right side) of the prior normal mammograms in   and. The CAD system also marked benign-appearing calcifications   in the upper part of the right breast on the right mediolateral-oblique view (left image on right side). The CAD system marked skin calcifications   and a region of glandular tissue (*) in the outer part of the left breast on the left craniocaudal view (right image on left side). Note that the finding where cancer later developed is seen on only one view (right mediolateral-oblique) and looks like normal tissue. "
107052	Adrenal neoplasms: CT-guided radiofrequency ablation--preliminary results	Images obtained in 74-year-old man who had melanoma metastatic to the right adrenal gland and residual disease at follow-up. Transverse CT fluoroscopic image obtained with patient in prone position during RF ablation shows cluster electrode (arrow) in large adrenal mass.
107053	Adrenal neoplasms: CT-guided radiofrequency ablation--preliminary results	Images obtained in 74-year-old man who had melanoma metastatic to the right adrenal gland and residual disease at follow-up. Transverse contrast-enhanced CT image obtained with patient in supine position 6 months after original RF ablation shows central necrosis with peripheral residual enhancement of tumor (arrow). 
107268	Clinical applications of PET in oncology	"Frontal maximum intensity projection from FDG PET scan in an 80-year-old man after recent excision of melanoma from the left ear. The patient was referred for initial staging of melanoma. Two discrete hypermetabolic foci (arrows) in left supraclavicular fossa, compatible with regional nodal metastases, are shown. At surgery, patient was found to have micrometastatic disease to a third node that was not visible at PET. "
107269	Clinical applications of PET in oncology	"Frontal maximum intensity projection from FDG PET scan in a 46-year-old woman with malignant melanoma of unknown primary who was referred for restaging of melanoma. Innumerable metastases are shown, including cutaneous or subcutaneous, nodal, hepatic, splenic, and pulmonary sites of disease. "
107270	Clinical applications of PET in oncology	"Frontal (left) and left lateral (right) maximum intensity projections from FDG PET scan in a 46-year-old man with history of melanoma removed from left upper back who then presented with pigmented cutaneous lesions extending from biopsy site to left axilla. Patient was referred for restaging of melanoma. Multiple sites of disease are visible, including local recurrence at biopsy site with in-transit cutaneous metastases (large arrows), left axillary metastases (small arrows), retrosternal metastasis (large arrowhead), and splenic and hepatic metastases (small arrowheads). "
107818	Primary malignant melanoma of the rectum: CT findings in eight patients	Primary rectal malignant amelanotic melanoma in a 74-year-old woman. Contrast material-enhanced transverse CT scans show a bulky polypoid intraluminal mass (arrows) that is focally expanding and obscuring the lumen in the distal rectum just above the anal verge. Perirectal infiltration (arrowheads) is mild and confined within the perirectal space.
107819	Primary malignant melanoma of the rectum: CT findings in eight patients	Primary rectal malignant amelanotic melanoma in a 74-year-old woman. Contrast material-enhanced transverse CT scans show a bulky polypoid intraluminal mass (arrows) that is focally expanding and obscuring the lumen in the distal rectum just above the anal verge. Perirectal infiltration (arrowheads) is mild and confined within the perirectal space.
107820	Primary malignant melanoma of the rectum: CT findings in eight patients	"Primary rectal malignant amelanotic melanoma in a 74-year-old woman. Transverse CT scan obtained at the level of the upper rectum shows no evidence of colonic obstruction. The luminal caliber (arrowheads) of the upper rectum is normal. Also, note the left obturator lymphadenopathy (arrow). "
107821	Primary malignant melanoma of the rectum: CT findings in eight patients	Primary rectal malignant melanotic melanoma in a 57-year-old woman. Contrast-enhanced transverse CT scans show a bulky intraluminal mass (arrows) that is focally expanding and obscuring the lumen in the distal rectum just above the anal verge. Perirectal infiltration (arrowheads) extends to the presacral space.
107822	Primary malignant melanoma of the rectum: CT findings in eight patients	Primary rectal malignant melanotic melanoma in a 57-year-old woman. Contrast-enhanced transverse CT scans show a bulky intraluminal mass (arrows) that is focally expanding and obscuring the lumen in the distal rectum just above the anal verge. Perirectal infiltration (arrowheads) extends to the presacral space.
107823	Primary malignant melanoma of the rectum: CT findings in eight patients	Primary rectal malignant melanotic melanoma in a 57-year-old woman. Transverse CT scan obtained at the level of the upper rectum shows no evidence of colonic obstruction (curved arrow) and also shows enlarged lymph nodes (arrowheads) in the perirectal and the right internal iliac lymph node stations.
107824	Primary malignant melanoma of the rectum: CT findings in eight patients	"Primary rectal malignant melanotic melanoma in a 57-year-old woman. Photograph of a gross specimen shows a large, lobulated intraluminal fungating mass in the distal rectum, abutting the anorectal junction (arrowheads)."
107825	Primary malignant melanoma of the rectum: CT findings in eight patients	"Primary rectal malignant melanotic melanoma in a 57-year-old woman. Photomicrograph shows melanin pigmentation (arrowheads) scattered in the tumor, a finding that is typical of melanotic melanoma. (Hematoxylin-eosin stain; original magnification,  x 40.) "
107826	Primary malignant melanoma of the rectum: CT findings in eight patients	"Primary rectal malignant melanotic melanoma in a 63-year-old man. Contrast-enhanced transverse CT scan obtained at the level just above the anal verge shows a bulky intraluminal fungating mass (straight arrows) that is focally expanding and obscuring the distal rectal lumen, a perirectal lymphadenopathy (curved arrow) that is compressing the rectum, and a perirectal infiltration (arrowheads)."
107827	Primary malignant melanoma of the rectum: CT findings in eight patients	"Primary rectal malignant melanotic melanoma in a 63-year-old man. Transverse CT scan obtained at the level of the upper rectum shows no evidence of colonic obstruction (straight arrows) and also shows lymphadenopathy (curved arrow) in the right internal iliac lymph node station. Perirectal infiltration (arrowheads), extending to the presacral space, is also demonstrated. "
107828	Primary malignant melanoma of the rectum: CT findings in eight patients	Primary rectal malignant melanoma in a 70-year-old woman. Contrast-enhanced transverse CT scans show uneven concentric wall thickening (straight arrows) of the distal rectum just above the anal verge. Perirectal infiltration extends to the pararectal space (arrowheads). Lymphadenopathy (curved arrow) involving the perirectal lymph node station is also seen.
107829	Primary malignant melanoma of the rectum: CT findings in eight patients	Primary rectal malignant melanoma in a 70-year-old woman. Contrast-enhanced transverse CT scans show uneven concentric wall thickening (straight arrows) of the distal rectum just above the anal verge. Perirectal infiltration extends to the pararectal space (arrowheads). Lymphadenopathy (curved arrow) involving the perirectal lymph node station is also seen.
107830	Primary malignant melanoma of the rectum: CT findings in eight patients	"Primary rectal malignant melanoma in a 70-year-old woman. Transverse CT scan of the upper abdomen shows a large lobulated hepatic mass, which is suggestive of hepatic metastasis. The diagnosis of primary rectal melanoma and hepatic metastasis was assigned on the basis of histopathologic findings in biopsy specimens of the rectal and hepatic masses. "
108571	Whole-body MR imaging: evaluation of patients for metastases	"Reformatted coronal images of transverse T1-weighted gradient-echo data sets (3.1/1.17, 30-degree flip angle) in a 67-year-old man with malignant melanoma. Cerebral metastases (1), pulmonary metastasis (2), and metastasis in the right adrenal gland (3) were detected at whole-body MR imaging. "
108999	Traumatic neuroma and recurrent lymphadenopathy after neck dissection: comparison of radiologic features	"Traumatic neuroma after right radical neck dissection for thyroid carcinoma in a 43-year-old man. Longitudinal sonogram of the right side of the neck shows well-defined, hypoechoic nodule (small arrows) with central hyperechoic area (large arrow). S/L ratio is 0.53 (short-axis diameter, 6.0 mm; long-axis diameter, 11.4 mm)."
109000	Traumatic neuroma and recurrent lymphadenopathy after neck dissection: comparison of radiologic features	Traumatic neuroma after right radical neck dissection for thyroid carcinoma in a 43-year-old man. Contrast material-enhanced transverse CT scan shows hypoattenuating nodule (arrowhead) posterolateral to right internal carotid artery (arrow). Nodule does not make contact with right internal carotid artery.
109001	Traumatic neuroma and recurrent lymphadenopathy after neck dissection: comparison of radiologic features	Traumatic neuroma after right radical neck dissection for thyroid carcinoma in a 43-year-old man. Transverse T1-weighted spin-echo MR image (600/20) before contrast material enhancement shows nodule (arrow) with signal intensity similar to that of muscle.
109002	Traumatic neuroma and recurrent lymphadenopathy after neck dissection: comparison of radiologic features	Traumatic neuroma after right radical neck dissection for thyroid carcinoma in a 43-year-old man. Transverse T1-weighted spin-echo MR image (600/20) after contrast material enhancement shows heterogeneously enhanced nodule (arrow).
109003	Traumatic neuroma and recurrent lymphadenopathy after neck dissection: comparison of radiologic features	Traumatic neuroma after right radical neck dissection for thyroid carcinoma in a 43-year-old man. Transverse T2-weighted fast spin-echo MR image (3000/80) shows an intermediate-signal-intensity nodule with hypointense rim (arrow).
109004	Traumatic neuroma and recurrent lymphadenopathy after neck dissection: comparison of radiologic features	"Traumatic neuroma after right radical neck dissection for thyroid carcinoma in a 43-year-old man. Histopathologic image shows numerous distinct neural bundles (arrows) that are trapped within densely collagenous connective tissue. (Hematoxylin-eosin stain; original magnification,  x 200.)"
109005	Traumatic neuroma and recurrent lymphadenopathy after neck dissection: comparison of radiologic features	"Traumatic neuroma after right radical neck dissection for thyroid carcinoma in a 43-year-old man. Histopathologic image shows surrounding fibrous tissue (arrows) in periphery. (Hematoxylin-eosin stain; original magnification,  x 100.) "
109006	Traumatic neuroma and recurrent lymphadenopathy after neck dissection: comparison of radiologic features	"Traumatic neuroma after right radical neck dissection for thyroid carcinoma in a 25-year-old man. Longitudinal sonogram of right side of the neck shows well-defined, hypoechoic nodule (small arrows) with central hyperechoic area (large arrow). S/L ratio is 0.36 (short-axis diameter, 4.8 mm; long-axis diameter, 13.4 mm)."
109007	Traumatic neuroma and recurrent lymphadenopathy after neck dissection: comparison of radiologic features	Traumatic neuroma after right radical neck dissection for thyroid carcinoma in a 25-year-old man. Contrast-enhanced transverse CT scan shows heterogeneously enhanced nodule (arrowhead) posterolateral to right common carotid artery (arrow). Nodule does not make contact with right common carotid artery.
109008	Traumatic neuroma and recurrent lymphadenopathy after neck dissection: comparison of radiologic features	Traumatic neuroma after right radical neck dissection for thyroid carcinoma in a 25-year-old man. Transverse T1-weighted spin-echo MR image (600/20) before contrast material enhancement shows an intermediate-signal-intensity nodule (arrow). Signal intensity of lesion is similar to that of muscle.
109009	Traumatic neuroma and recurrent lymphadenopathy after neck dissection: comparison of radiologic features	Traumatic neuroma after right radical neck dissection for thyroid carcinoma in a 25-year-old man. Transverse T1-weighted spin-echo MR image (600/20) after contrast material enhancement shows a heterogeneously enhanced nodule (arrow).
109010	Traumatic neuroma and recurrent lymphadenopathy after neck dissection: comparison of radiologic features	Traumatic neuroma after right radical neck dissection for thyroid carcinoma in a 25-year-old man. Transverse T2-weighted fast spin-echo MR image (2500/70) shows high-signal-intensity nodule with hypointense rim (arrow). 
109112	Low-flow vascular malformations: MR-guided percutaneous sclerotherapy in qualitative and quantitative assessment of therapy and outcome	MR images obtained in a 31-year-old man with congenital vascular malformation in bilateral masticator and parotid spaces after right-sided surgery. MR-monitored injection of contrast agent-tagged sclerosing agent (arrow) via MR-compatible needle (arrowhead) with the same interventional imaging sequences used to obtain images   and.
109113	Low-flow vascular malformations: MR-guided percutaneous sclerotherapy in qualitative and quantitative assessment of therapy and outcome	"MR images obtained in a 31-year-old man with congenital vascular malformation in bilateral masticator and parotid spaces after right-sided surgery. Transverse T1-weighted SE image (532/15; number of sections acquired, 19; section thickness, 5 mm; matrix, 252  x  256; field of view, 200  x  200 mm; number of signals acquired, two; acquisition time, 4 minutes 36 seconds) shows the vascular malformation (arrows) in the right masticator space filled with contrast-tagged sclerosing agent. "
109114	Low-flow vascular malformations: MR-guided percutaneous sclerotherapy in qualitative and quantitative assessment of therapy and outcome	"Images obtained in a 34-year-old man with congenital vascular malformation in the right upper lip. Initial preinterventional photograph shows extension of initial skin discoloration (arrow) and cosmetic disfigurement (* = 43 mm, arrowhead = 25 mm)."
110347	Perfusion imaging of the liver: current challenges and future goals	"Representative images from high-temporal-resolution transverse whole-liver perfusion MR imaging study in a 55-year-old woman with history of hemangioma and metastatic melanoma. For perfusion imaging, three-dimensional T1-weighted gradient-echo whole-liver imaging (2.3/0.8, 9-degree flip angle) was performed sequentially at 1.5 T with a temporal resolution of 3.22 seconds following the administration of intravenous contrast material (7 mL at 5 mL/sec followed by a 20-mL normal saline flush). This enabled an in-plane spatial resolution of 3.1  x  1.8 mm, with an interpolated section thickness of 5.0 mm. Representative images from four series in the perfusion study are shown. Top left: Arterial phase. Aortic (a) and splenic artery (s) enhancement are noted. Top right: Early portal venous phase. Bottom left: Late portal venous phase. Bottom right: Delayed phase. A large right lobe lesion (arrowhead) is seen that demonstrates peripheral nodular enhancement with progressive central filling over time, features characteristic of a hemangioma. "
111084	Safety and effectiveness of gadolinium-enhanced multi-detector row spiral CT angiography of the chest: preliminary results in 37 patients with contraindications to iodinated contrast agents	"Images in a 56-year-old woman with a previous severe allergic skin reaction after administration of iodinated contrast media referred for suspicion of acute pulmonary embolism. Transverse CT scans (80 kV, 80 mAs) obtained after administration of 0.4 mmol/kg of gadolinium illustrate excellent degree of arterial enhancement within the pulmonary arteries measured at 229 HU within the main pulmonary artery, with a constant degree of arterial opacification from top   to bottom   of the volume scanned. Findings were negative for acute pulmonary embolism down to the subsgemental level; the latter anatomic level was confidently analyzed because of excellent degree of opacification (arrow). "
111085	Safety and effectiveness of gadolinium-enhanced multi-detector row spiral CT angiography of the chest: preliminary results in 37 patients with contraindications to iodinated contrast agents	"Images in a 56-year-old woman with a previous severe allergic skin reaction after administration of iodinated contrast media referred for suspicion of acute pulmonary embolism. Transverse CT scans (80 kV, 80 mAs) obtained after administration of 0.4 mmol/kg of gadolinium illustrate excellent degree of arterial enhancement within the pulmonary arteries measured at 229 HU within the main pulmonary artery, with a constant degree of arterial opacification from top   to bottom   of the volume scanned. Findings were negative for acute pulmonary embolism down to the subsgemental level; the latter anatomic level was confidently analyzed because of excellent degree of opacification (arrow). "
111086	Safety and effectiveness of gadolinium-enhanced multi-detector row spiral CT angiography of the chest: preliminary results in 37 patients with contraindications to iodinated contrast agents	"Images in a 56-year-old woman with a previous severe allergic skin reaction after administration of iodinated contrast media referred for suspicion of acute pulmonary embolism. Transverse CT scans (80 kV, 80 mAs) obtained after administration of 0.4 mmol/kg of gadolinium illustrate excellent degree of arterial enhancement within the pulmonary arteries measured at 229 HU within the main pulmonary artery, with a constant degree of arterial opacification from top   to bottom   of the volume scanned. Findings were negative for acute pulmonary embolism down to the subsgemental level; the latter anatomic level was confidently analyzed because of excellent degree of opacification (arrow). "
111087	Safety and effectiveness of gadolinium-enhanced multi-detector row spiral CT angiography of the chest: preliminary results in 37 patients with contraindications to iodinated contrast agents	"Images in a 56-year-old woman with a previous severe allergic skin reaction after administration of iodinated contrast media referred for suspicion of acute pulmonary embolism. Transverse CT scans (80 kV, 80 mAs) obtained after administration of 0.4 mmol/kg of gadolinium illustrate excellent degree of arterial enhancement within the pulmonary arteries measured at 229 HU within the main pulmonary artery, with a constant degree of arterial opacification from top   to bottom   of the volume scanned. Findings were negative for acute pulmonary embolism down to the subsgemental level; the latter anatomic level was confidently analyzed because of excellent degree of opacification (arrow). "
112016	Computer-aided detection with screening mammography in a university hospital setting	Bilateral screening mammograms in a 60-year-old woman. craniocaudal mammograms show scattered fibroglandular tissue. Linear markers on images are routinely placed on the skin over visible incision sites in women who have previously undergone surgery.
112018	Computer-aided detection with screening mammography in a university hospital setting	Screening mammograms in a 58-year-old woman who underwent left breast mastectomy and right breast lumpectomy and radiation therapy for breast cancer 13 years earlier. Linear markers on images are routinely placed on the skin over visible incision sites in women who have previously undergone surgery. Mediolateral oblique and
112019	Computer-aided detection with screening mammography in a university hospital setting	Screening mammograms in a 58-year-old woman who underwent left breast mastectomy and right breast lumpectomy and radiation therapy for breast cancer 13 years earlier. Linear markers on images are routinely placed on the skin over visible incision sites in women who have previously undergone surgery. craniocaudal mammograms of the right breast. A density (arrow) seen only on   was detected by the radiologist but not marked at CAD (radiologist-only finding).
112020	Computer-aided detection with screening mammography in a university hospital setting	"Screening mammograms in a 58-year-old woman who underwent left breast mastectomy and right breast lumpectomy and radiation therapy for breast cancer 13 years earlier. Linear markers on images are routinely placed on the skin over visible incision sites in women who have previously undergone surgery. Mammogram obtained with spot compression shows the density (arrow), in the upper part of the breast, to better advantage. A 0.7-cm infiltrating ductal carcinoma, grade II, was diagnosed at biopsy. "
112287	Renal tumors: MR imaging-guided percutaneous cryotherapy--initial experience in 23 patients	"MR imaging-guided percutaneous cryotherapy of papillary-type renal cell carcinoma in 85-year-old woman. Transverse T2-weighted SE (6000/110; number of excitations, one; echo train length, 16; section thickness, 5 mm; field of view, 24 cm) images show ice ball formation in tumor. Warm gauze (arrowheads in  ) was applied to prevent freezing of skin."
112536	Prostatic biopsy directed with endorectal MR spectroscopic imaging findings in patients with elevated prostate specific antigen levels and prior negative biopsy findings: early experience	"Images were obtained in a 65-year-old man with a PSA level of 7.8 ng/mL, negative findings at digital rectal examination, and three previous negative biopsies. Transverse T2-weighted fast spin-echo (3500/130) image. Note the areas of low signal intensity in the right (*) and left (arrows) portions of the basal peripheral zone. Note a large hyperplastic nodule (HN) in the left transition zone and the surgical capsule (C), which will be used as an internal landmark for adequate transrectal US-guided biopsy."
112539	Prostatic biopsy directed with endorectal MR spectroscopic imaging findings in patients with elevated prostate specific antigen levels and prior negative biopsy findings: early experience	"Images were obtained in a 65-year-old man with a PSA level of 7.8 ng/mL, negative findings at digital rectal examination, and three previous negative biopsies. The abnormal voxel was projected on the corresponding transverse US image, directed voxel-guided biopsy was performed, and prostate cancer (Gleason score of 3 + 3) was diagnosed. The internal prostate landmarks used in this case were the surgical capsule (C) and a large hyperplastic nodule (HN) on the left transition zone, which was previously identified on the T2-weighted transverse image. "
112822	Benign versus malignant breast masses: optical differentiation with US-guided optical imaging reconstruction	"US image, optical absorption maps, and hemoglobin concentration maps of suspicious lesion at 3 o'clock position in left breast of 45-year-old woman. Reconstructed optical absorption maps obtained at 830 nm. Optical absorption values range from 0 to 0.3 cm-1. The first section   is a 9  x  9-cm spatial x-y image obtained at a depth of 0.5 cm, as measured from skin surface, and the last section   is a spatial x-y image obtained 3.5 cm toward chest wall. Spacing between sections is 0.5 cm in propagation direction. Lesion was well resolved in section two."
112828	Benign versus malignant breast masses: optical differentiation with US-guided optical imaging reconstruction	"US image and hemoglobin concentration maps of suspicious 1.9  x  1.1-cm lesion at 9 o'clock position in right breast of a 75-year-old woman. US image demonstrates lesion with solid component adjacent to cyst (arrow). Large blood vessels were seen at periphery of lesion during color Doppler US. Biopsy result revealed intraductal papilloma, with no evidence of atypical cells or malignancy."
113442	CT appearance of bone metastases detected with FDG PET as part of the same PET/CT examination	"Examples of varying patterns of bone metastases detected at PET. Transverse CT (left), PET (middle), and fused PET/CT (right) images are shown. A, Images in 50-year-old man with lung cancer. There is an FDG-avid soft-tissue mass in the lumbar spine, and soft-tissue mass formation and bone destruction are both seen at CT (arrowheads). B, Images in 59-year-old man with renal cell carcinoma. An FDG-avid expansile tumor is seen in a right rib (arrow). Osteolytic change is one of the typical features of bone metastasis from renal cancer. Left hilar lymph adenopathy with intense FDG uptake consistent with a metastatic tumor is also noted, while an enlarged subcarinal node was considered negative for tumor owing to the absence of FDG uptake. C, Images in 60-year-old man with history of lung cancer. Focal intense FDG uptake is seen in a right scapular metastasis, where osteoblastic changes are depicted at CT (arrow). D, Images in 64-year-old man with lung cancer. Corresponding to the markedly abnormal focus of increased tracer uptake on the PET image, slightly higher attenuation (compared with the attenuation in the same location on the opposite side) is seen in bone marrow in the left femur (arrowheads) on the CT image; this finding is consistent with bone metastasis. E, Images in 45-year-old man with history of widespread bone metastases from melanoma. PET showed focal intense metabolic activity in the left iliac bone (arrow), but no definite morphologic abnormalities are observed on the CT image. The minor increase in attenuation in the left iliac wing on the CT image is probably due to partial-volume averaging with the cortical bone. "
113593	CT colonography: where have we been and where are we going?	Fecal tagging and polyp in a 62-year-old man. Transverse CT image shows small 5.6-mm polypoid lesion (arrow) in the hepatic flexure. Note high-attenuation fecal material.
113594	CT colonography: where have we been and where are we going?	Fecal tagging and polyp in a 62-year-old man. Conventional colonoscopic image in same patient shows polyp (arrow). Histologic evaluation showed tubular adenoma. 
114759	Papillary lesions of the breast at percutaneous core-needle biopsy	  Atypical papilloma with adjacent ADH.
114760	Papillary lesions of the breast at percutaneous core-needle biopsy	  Atypical papilloma with adjacent ADH.
114761	Papillary lesions of the breast at percutaneous core-needle biopsy	  Atypical papilloma with adjacent DCIS.
114762	Papillary lesions of the breast at percutaneous core-needle biopsy	  Atypical papilloma with adjacent DCIS.
115612	"Malignant pleural mesothelioma: evaluation with CT, MR imaging, and PET"	PET evaluation of metastatic disease in a 73-year-old man with known MPM. Sagittal PET scan shows a single focus of increased FDG uptake in the superficial aspect of the left middle to lower portion of the neck (arrow). Biopsy results confirmed MPM metastases to the skin. 
115973	"Medical devices of the head, neck, and spine"	"Intracranial balloon system in a 41-year-old woman treated for glioblastoma multiforme. Lateral radiograph of the skull of the cranium show an intracranial balloon system (GliaSite balloon; Proxima Therapeutics, Alpharetta, Ga) for the installation of radioactive iodine. In  , note the scalp (skin) staples and the cranial bone staples from recent intracranial surgery. In  , note the polymer wafer (arrow) impregnated with carmustine (BCNU), which shows up only as a thin white line because of its small size (1.45-cm diameter, 1-mm thickness). "
116090	"CT with 3D rendering of the tendons of the foot and ankle: technique, normal anatomy, and disease"	"Hypertrophic peroneal tubercle in a 22-year-old man who presented with a hard, tender mass on the lateral aspect of the foot. SSD image of the skin shows a protuberance just distal to the lateral malleolus (arrow)."
116111	Normal and abnormal US findings at the mastectomy site	"Seroma in a 51-year-old woman who presented with redness and a palpable lesion at the mastectomy site 7 months after modified radical mastectomy of the left breast. Transverse US images of the chest wall show partial views ( , medial part;  , lateral part) of a septated cystic lesion (arrows) in association with a slight thickening of the skin at the mastectomy site. The diagnosis was seroma with cellulitis or edema. "
116112	Normal and abnormal US findings at the mastectomy site	"Seroma in a 51-year-old woman who presented with redness and a palpable lesion at the mastectomy site 7 months after modified radical mastectomy of the left breast. Transverse US images of the chest wall show partial views ( , medial part;  , lateral part) of a septated cystic lesion (arrows) in association with a slight thickening of the skin at the mastectomy site. The diagnosis was seroma with cellulitis or edema. "
116545	An introduction to PET-CT imaging	Melanoma in a 33-year-old man. The extent of disease was evaluated with FDG PET-CT. Axial and sagittal
116546	An introduction to PET-CT imaging	"Melanoma in a 33-year-old man. The extent of disease was evaluated with FDG PET-CT. Axial fused FDG PET-CT images show focal hypermetabolism in the left paraspinal soft tissue (arrow in  ) and in T8 (arrow in  ), findings consistent with metastases. CT showed only subtle areas of decreased attenuation. Arrowheads in   = misregistration artifact due to cardiac motion. "
116575	An introduction to PET-CT imaging	"The CT portion of a PET-CT study can demonstrate diseases besides the primary malignancy that may be important in patient care. FDG PET-CT was performed for restaging in a 71-year-old man with melanoma who experienced new-onset hematuria. Axial fused FDG PET-CT image of the pelvis shows a polypoid bladder mass (arrow), which was the cause of the hematuria. "
117726	Imaging findings in musculoskeletal complications of AIDS	"Kaposi sarcoma with cutaneous, muscular, and osseous involvement in a 25-year-old man. Axial contrast-enhanced CT scan of the lower chest shows multiple round, enhancing lesions in the muscles of the chest wall (arrowheads). Bone involvement is seen in one of the posterior left ribs (arrow). "
118166	Thoracic manifestations of breast cancer and its therapy	"TRAM flap reconstruction of the right breast after MRM for breast cancer in a 38-year-old woman. CT scan shows the breast with fat attenuation. Note the thin, curvilinear soft-tissue band (arrows), which represents skin from the abdominal wall. "
118207	Breast reconstruction with a transverse rectus abdominis myocutaneous flap: spectrum of normal and abnormal MR imaging findings	Skin thickening in a 41-year-old woman after TRAM flap reconstruction and radiation therapy. Sagittal T1-weighted and T2-weighted
118208	Breast reconstruction with a transverse rectus abdominis myocutaneous flap: spectrum of normal and abnormal MR imaging findings	"Skin thickening in a 41-year-old woman after TRAM flap reconstruction and radiation therapy. Sagittal T1-weighted images of the reconstructed breast show radiation-induced skin thickening (large arrow), which appears as increased signal intensity in the dermal layer on the T2-weighted image. Note the fat necrosis in the superior breast (small arrow). "
118253	MR imaging of maternal diseases of the abdomen and pelvis during pregnancy and the immediate postpartum period	Hydatidiform mole in a 22-year-old woman who presented at 10 weeks gestation with an elevated level of beta-human chorionic gonadotropin and no visible gestational sac at US. T2-weighted images obtained in the coronal and axial
118254	MR imaging of maternal diseases of the abdomen and pelvis during pregnancy and the immediate postpartum period	Hydatidiform mole in a 22-year-old woman who presented at 10 weeks gestation with an elevated level of beta-human chorionic gonadotropin and no visible gestational sac at US. T2-weighted images obtained in the coronal planes relative to the uterus show heterogeneous but predominantly high-signal-intensity material filling the uterine cavity (arrow). No gestational sac is present.
118255	MR imaging of maternal diseases of the abdomen and pelvis during pregnancy and the immediate postpartum period	Hydatidiform mole in a 22-year-old woman who presented at 10 weeks gestation with an elevated level of beta-human chorionic gonadotropin and no visible gestational sac at US. Axial unenhanced fat-suppressed T1-weighted image shows that the uterine contents have increased signal intensity (arrow). A complete molar pregnancy was confirmed at pathologic analysis. 
119540	Gastroduodenal stent placement: current status	"Duodenal stent placement via a gastrostomy tract in an 85-year-old patient with pancreatic cancer invading the duodenum. Percutaneous gastrostomy was performed for enteral feeding, but the patient continued to experience symptoms of gastric outlet obstruction. Radiograph shows the position of the stent delivery system (arrowheads). Note the metallic markers placed on the patient's skin to mark the location of the stricture."
120081	MR imaging findings of adenomyosis: correlation with histopathologic features and diagnostic pitfalls	Decidual changes of adenomyosis in a 23-year-old woman with a hydatidiform mole. Sagittal T2-weighted image shows an ill-defined lesion of heterogeneous high signal intensity in the posterior myometrium (arrows) in addition to a lesion in the uterine cavity (arrowheads).
120082	MR imaging findings of adenomyosis: correlation with histopathologic features and diagnostic pitfalls	Decidual changes of adenomyosis in a 23-year-old woman with a hydatidiform mole. Sagittal T2-weighted image obtained after suction and curettage shows that the lesion in the posterior myometrium is reduced in volume and signal intensity and now has the typical appearance of adenomyosis (arrows). The lesion in the uterine cavity was confirmed to be a hydatidiform mole. This case seems to represent decidual changes of adenomyosis because the serum level of human chorionic gonadotropin was highly elevated when the lesion demonstrated prominent high signal intensity in. 
120306	Imaging of intraarticular masses	Klippel-Trenaunay-Weber syndrome in a 25-year-old man. Photograph shows a nevus flammeus (arrow) of the left lower extremity. Note the overgrowth of the left leg and foot.
120767	Mesenteric lymph nodes seen at imaging: causes and significance	"Mesenteric lymphadenopathy in a 54-year-old woman with metastatic malignant melanoma. The patient underwent resection of a skin lesion 4 years earlier. CT image shows low-attenuation lymphadenopathy (arrows). This appearance is not typical of malignant melanoma, which usually has homogeneous soft-tissue attenuation. Note the compression of the inferior vena cava (arrowhead). "
120769	Mesenteric lymph nodes seen at imaging: causes and significance	Mesenteric lymphadenopathy in a 38-year-old man with AIDS and Kaposi sarcoma. CT image shows a homogeneous soft-tissue mass formed by mesenteric lymphadenopathy (top arrow). The mass surrounds the mesenteric vessels (bottom arrows) but does not occlude them.
120770	Mesenteric lymph nodes seen at imaging: causes and significance	Mesenteric lymphadenopathy in a 38-year-old man with AIDS and Kaposi sarcoma. CT image shows that the lymphadenopathy may also take the form of discrete masses in the mesentery (arrows). 
121003	From the archives of the AFIP: abdominal neoplasms in patients with neurofibromatosis type 1: radiologic-pathologic correlation	Cafe au lait spots. Clinical photograph of a 42-year-old woman with NF1 who had abdominal pain from mesenteric and small intestinal neurofibromas shows multiple cafe au lait spots (black arrows) and sessile cutaneous neurofibromas (white arrow) on the anterior abdomen.
121006	From the archives of the AFIP: abdominal neoplasms in patients with neurofibromatosis type 1: radiologic-pathologic correlation	Innumerable cutaneous neurofibromas in a 74-year-old woman with NF1 who presented with melena and hematemesis from retroperitoneal MPNST invading the duodenum. Clinical photograph shows a pattern of sessile and pedunculated neurofibromas that is more typical of cutaneous neurofibromas affecting the trunk. 
121049	From the archives of the AFIP: abdominal neoplasms in patients with neurofibromatosis type 1: radiologic-pathologic correlation	Retroperitoneal MPNST with rhabdomyosarcomatous differentiation (triton tumor) in a 22-year-old man with NF1 who complained of left thigh pain and a 20-pound weight loss over 3 months. Coronal T1-weighted MR image shows a large hypointense left retroperitoneal mass (*).
121050	From the archives of the AFIP: abdominal neoplasms in patients with neurofibromatosis type 1: radiologic-pathologic correlation	Retroperitoneal MPNST with rhabdomyosarcomatous differentiation (triton tumor) in a 22-year-old man with NF1 who complained of left thigh pain and a 20-pound weight loss over 3 months. Coronal T2-weighted MR image shows a mixed-signal-intensity mass that has a central area of higher signal intensity representing necrosis (arrow).
121051	From the archives of the AFIP: abdominal neoplasms in patients with neurofibromatosis type 1: radiologic-pathologic correlation	Retroperitoneal MPNST with rhabdomyosarcomatous differentiation (triton tumor) in a 22-year-old man with NF1 who complained of left thigh pain and a 20-pound weight loss over 3 months. Gadolinium-enhanced T1-weighted image shows heterogeneously enhancing peripheral viable tumor and low-signal-intensity central necrosis (arrow).
121052	From the archives of the AFIP: abdominal neoplasms in patients with neurofibromatosis type 1: radiologic-pathologic correlation	"Retroperitoneal MPNST with rhabdomyosarcomatous differentiation (triton tumor) in a 22-year-old man with NF1 who complained of left thigh pain and a 20-pound weight loss over 3 months. Photograph of the resected, sectioned mass shows focal areas of necrosis and cyst formation. There is a thin, fibrous pseudocapsule (arrow). "
121063	From the archives of the AFIP: abdominal neoplasms in patients with neurofibromatosis type 1: radiologic-pathologic correlation	"Duodenal carcinoid in a 26-year-old woman who presented to the emergency department with right flank pain. Elevated values for her liver function tests were found during the evaluation. Intravenous contrast-enhanced CT scans show pancreatic duct and biliary duct dilatation extending caudally to a focal, round mass in the second portion of the duodenum (arrow in  ). A cutaneous neurofibroma is also present (arrowhead in  )."
121064	From the archives of the AFIP: abdominal neoplasms in patients with neurofibromatosis type 1: radiologic-pathologic correlation	"Duodenal carcinoid in a 26-year-old woman who presented to the emergency department with right flank pain. Elevated values for her liver function tests were found during the evaluation. Intravenous contrast-enhanced CT scans show pancreatic duct and biliary duct dilatation extending caudally to a focal, round mass in the second portion of the duodenum (arrow in  ). A cutaneous neurofibroma is also present (arrowhead in  )."
121068	From the archives of the AFIP: abdominal neoplasms in patients with neurofibromatosis type 1: radiologic-pathologic correlation	"Incidentally discovered retroperitoneal paraganglioma in a 49-year-old woman with NF1 who complained of an enlarging right flank mass. Unenhanced T1-weighted MR images show a large, multilobulated, heterogeneously enhancing plexiform neurofibroma of the right flank (black arrows). The round, enhancing mass anterior to the inferior vena cava (white arrow) was asymptomatic and proved to be a paraganglioma. There are numerous cutaneous neurofibromas. "
121572	Color Doppler US of the postoperative penis: anatomy and surgical complications	"Complications after urethral surgery. US of the urethra was performed through the scrotum following retrograde distention with saline solution. Longitudinal US image obtained in a 23-year-old man with a history of bladder exstrophy and urethral duplication, with the ectopic urethra opening onto the anal canal and atresia of the proximal orthotopic urethra, shows a hair-bearing ectatic neourethra. The urethral malformation had been corrected during childhood by closing the ectopic urethral orifice and connecting the ectopic urethra to the bulbar portion of the orthotopic urethra proximal to the atresic portion using a scrotal skin flap. "
121762	From the archives of the AFIP: lymphangioleiomyomatosis: radiologic-pathologic correlation	TSC-LAM in a 29-year-old woman who presented with a right spontaneous hydropneumothorax and spontaneous right retroperitoneal hemorrhage. These findings led to the diagnosis of TSC. Clinical photograph demonstrates the typical appearance of facial angiofibromas.
121965	Combined PET-CT in the head and neck: part 2. Diagnostic uses and pitfalls of oncologic imaging	"Recurrent skull base tumor in a 79-year-old man with a history of inverting papilloma complicated by sphenoid sinus carcinoma, which had previously been resected. Follow-up CT showed soft tissue in the right sphenoid sinus and an adjacent discontinuity in the lateral sphenoid sinus wall that was interpreted as either a surgical defect or neoplastic erosion. Initial PET and PET-CT"
121966	Combined PET-CT in the head and neck: part 2. Diagnostic uses and pitfalls of oncologic imaging	"Recurrent skull base tumor in a 79-year-old man with a history of inverting papilloma complicated by sphenoid sinus carcinoma, which had previously been resected. Follow-up CT showed soft tissue in the right sphenoid sinus and an adjacent discontinuity in the lateral sphenoid sinus wall that was interpreted as either a surgical defect or neoplastic erosion. Initial PET scans show focal FDG uptake localized to the soft-tissue lesion (arrow). The patient refused to undergo biopsy."
121967	Combined PET-CT in the head and neck: part 2. Diagnostic uses and pitfalls of oncologic imaging	"Recurrent skull base tumor in a 79-year-old man with a history of inverting papilloma complicated by sphenoid sinus carcinoma, which had previously been resected. Follow-up CT showed soft tissue in the right sphenoid sinus and an adjacent discontinuity in the lateral sphenoid sinus wall that was interpreted as either a surgical defect or neoplastic erosion. PET and PET-CT"
121968	Combined PET-CT in the head and neck: part 2. Diagnostic uses and pitfalls of oncologic imaging	"Recurrent skull base tumor in a 79-year-old man with a history of inverting papilloma complicated by sphenoid sinus carcinoma, which had previously been resected. Follow-up CT showed soft tissue in the right sphenoid sinus and an adjacent discontinuity in the lateral sphenoid sinus wall that was interpreted as either a surgical defect or neoplastic erosion. PET scans obtained 3 months later show increased FDG uptake in the lesion (arrow), a finding that supported the diagnosis of recurrent squamous cell carcinoma. "
123640	"Peripheral vascular malformations: imaging, treatment approaches, and therapeutic issues"	"Parks-Weber syndrome in a 21-year-old woman with cardiac failure. Parks-Weber syndrome is characterized by vascular malformation with an arteriovenous fistula. Image obtained during phlebography after percutaneous absolute ethanol sclerotherapy, ethanolamine oleate sclerotherapy with balloon occlusion at the drainage vein, coil embolization, and stent-grafts were used to improve clinical symptoms. Skin ulcers were observed near the absolute ethanol injection area."
123641	"Peripheral vascular malformations: imaging, treatment approaches, and therapeutic issues"	Parks-Weber syndrome in a 21-year-old woman with cardiac failure. Parks-Weber syndrome is characterized by vascular malformation with an arteriovenous fistula. Photograph shows broad skin ulcers caused by increased venous pressure in the gastrocnemius area after the procedures. 
123963	"Abdominal wall hernias: imaging features, complications, and diagnostic pitfalls at multi-detector row CT"	"Hernia repair with use of tissue expanders in a 49-year-old man with an incisional hernia. Axial contrast-enhanced reformatted CT images of the abdomen obtained 2 weeks after the implantation of tissue expanders show a large incisional hernia (arrowheads in   and  ) and demonstrate the progression of treatment with the expanders (arrows in   and  ). Note the progressive stretching of the skin and subcutaneous tissue, allowing hernia repair with mesh (arrows in  ) and closure of the wall defect. A small fluid collection (arrowhead in  ) is present at the previous site of an expander. "
124258	Multi-detector row CT and postprocessing techniques in the assessment of diffuse lung disease	Added clinical value of mIP. Multivisceral Kaposi sarcoma in a 33-year-old man with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection. Coronal mIP reformatted image (4.9-mm-thick slab) demonstrates ground-glass attenuation due to pulmonary hemorrhage in the left upper lobe. Note the normal difference in attenuation between air and lung parenchyma in the right upper lobe. Excellent visualization of air bronchograms helps the endoscopist select the optimal site for bronchoalveolar lavage.
125046	Cardiovascular complications of human immunodeficiency virus infection	"Systemic Kaposi sarcoma with pulmonary involvement and presumed cardiac involvement in a 40-year-old man. Conventional radiograph of the chest shows extensive bilateral pulmonary opacities in a patient with proved Kaposi sarcoma of the lung, skin, and abdomen, as well as dilated cardiomyopathy, which was refractory to different therapies and because of which cardiac involvement was suspected. "
125979	MRI of focal splenic lesions without and with dynamic gadolinium enhancement	"43-year-old man with splenic capillary hemangioma showing homogeneous enhancement pattern. Axial unenhanced   and immediate postcontrast   volumetric 3D gradient-echo T1-weighted images reveal homogeneous enhancement typical of splenic capillary hemangiomas. On delayed acquisition (not shown), although lesion showed some washout, it remained more enhanced than splenic parenchyma. "
125980	MRI of focal splenic lesions without and with dynamic gadolinium enhancement	"43-year-old man with splenic capillary hemangioma showing homogeneous enhancement pattern. Axial unenhanced   and immediate postcontrast   volumetric 3D gradient-echo T1-weighted images reveal homogeneous enhancement typical of splenic capillary hemangiomas. On delayed acquisition (not shown), although lesion showed some washout, it remained more enhanced than splenic parenchyma. "
126058	Bloodborne metastatic tumors to the gastrointestinal tract: CT findings with clinicopathologic correlation	44-year-old woman with metastatic malignant melanoma to stomach. Contrast-enhanced CT scan shows diffuse wall thickening and strong contrast enhancement   along gastric body. Hepatic metastases are also seen. 
126059	Bloodborne metastatic tumors to the gastrointestinal tract: CT findings with clinicopathologic correlation	"44-year-old woman with metastatic malignant melanoma to stomach. Photograph from gastrofiberscope shows small elevated lesions with brown-to-black pigmentation. Linear fissures   radiating distinctly to central ulceration are noted over surface, producing spoked wheel pattern. "
126060	Bloodborne metastatic tumors to the gastrointestinal tract: CT findings with clinicopathologic correlation	"44-year-old woman with metastatic malignant melanoma to stomach. Immunohistochemical study for HMB 45 shows positive staining of tumor cells  , supporting diagnosis of malignant melanoma. "
126061	Bloodborne metastatic tumors to the gastrointestinal tract: CT findings with clinicopathologic correlation	"58-year-old man with metastatic malignant melanoma to duodenum. Radiograph from upper gastrointestinal barium examination shows multiple submucosal masses in second and third part of duodenum, one of which has target or bull's-eye appearance   produced by ulceration. "
126062	Bloodborne metastatic tumors to the gastrointestinal tract: CT findings with clinicopathologic correlation	58-year-old man with metastatic malignant melanoma to duodenum. Unenhanced CT scan with oral contrast administration reveals multiple intraluminal polypoid masses. 
126063	Bloodborne metastatic tumors to the gastrointestinal tract: CT findings with clinicopathologic correlation	51-year-old man with metastatic malignant melanoma to jejunum. Contrast-enhanced CT scan shows intussusception. 
126064	Bloodborne metastatic tumors to the gastrointestinal tract: CT findings with clinicopathologic correlation	"51-year-old man with metastatic malignant melanoma to jejunum. Large intraluminal fungating mass   is seen in distal end of intussusceptum, presumed as leading point of intussusception. "
126065	Bloodborne metastatic tumors to the gastrointestinal tract: CT findings with clinicopathologic correlation	"51-year-old man with metastatic malignant melanoma to jejunum. Metastatic peritoneal seeding nodules are also observed   at CT, displaying poor contrast enhancement. "
126066	Bloodborne metastatic tumors to the gastrointestinal tract: CT findings with clinicopathologic correlation	"51-year-old man with metastatic malignant melanoma to jejunum. Photograph of gross specimen also shows large intraluminal fungating mass as leading point. Multiple small tumor implants with dark brown-to-black pigmentation   are scattered in jejunum, suggesting periodic embolic shower as pathogenesis. Scale: cm. "
126067	Bloodborne metastatic tumors to the gastrointestinal tract: CT findings with clinicopathologic correlation	69-year-old woman with metastatic malignant melanoma to ileum. Contrast-enhanced CT scan shows large cavitary mass   with low-grade enhancement in ileum. Mild perienteric infiltration is also seen. 
126068	Bloodborne metastatic tumors to the gastrointestinal tract: CT findings with clinicopathologic correlation	69-year-old woman with metastatic malignant melanoma to ileum. Photograph of gross specimen shows large fungating mass with irregular ulcerated surface   in ileum. Scale: cm. 
126684	Calcific myonecrosis: keys to recognition and management	"68-year-old man with leg mass of gradual onset and history of tibial fracture and compartment syndrome 30 years previously. Coronal gradient MR sequences (TR/TE, 600/200 msec; gradient/20) show oval mass   abutting anterolateral aspect of mid-fibular diaphysis, paralleling radiograph findings. Peripheral rim of low signal intensity shows minimal blooming artifact   consistent with peripheral calcification. Mass is causing swelling of overlying skin. A coronal image more anteriorly   shows old tibial fracture and inferior aspect of peripherally calcified mass. "
126685	Calcific myonecrosis: keys to recognition and management	"68-year-old man with leg mass of gradual onset and history of tibial fracture and compartment syndrome 30 years previously. Coronal gradient MR sequences (TR/TE, 600/200 msec; gradient/20) show oval mass   abutting anterolateral aspect of mid-fibular diaphysis, paralleling radiograph findings. Peripheral rim of low signal intensity shows minimal blooming artifact   consistent with peripheral calcification. Mass is causing swelling of overlying skin. A coronal image more anteriorly   shows old tibial fracture and inferior aspect of peripherally calcified mass. "
126707	Acne vulgaris: false-positive finding on integrated 18F-FDG PET/CT in a patient with melanoma	26-year-old man with melanoma of back. Coronal CT image. 
126708	Acne vulgaris: false-positive finding on integrated 18F-FDG PET/CT in a patient with melanoma	"26-year-old man with melanoma of back. PET image   and integrated PET/CT image. Focal increased uptake of F-18-FDG in cutaneous and subcutaneous tissues of upper torso   and lower abdomen   can be misinterpreted as indicating metastatic lesions. PET images, including  , were acquired during shallow breathing in 2D mode for 3 minutes per bed position. Integrated PET/CT images, including  , were obtained with Discovery ST-8 scanner (GE Healthcare). Images were obtained 90 minutes after IV administration of 18.8 mCi (695.6 MBq) F-18-FDG. "
126709	Acne vulgaris: false-positive finding on integrated 18F-FDG PET/CT in a patient with melanoma	"26-year-old man with melanoma of back. PET image   and integrated PET/CT image. Focal increased uptake of F-18-FDG in cutaneous and subcutaneous tissues of upper torso   and lower abdomen   can be misinterpreted as indicating metastatic lesions. PET images, including  , were acquired during shallow breathing in 2D mode for 3 minutes per bed position. Integrated PET/CT images, including  , were obtained with Discovery ST-8 scanner (GE Healthcare). Images were obtained 90 minutes after IV administration of 18.8 mCi (695.6 MBq) F-18-FDG. "
126710	Acne vulgaris: false-positive finding on integrated 18F-FDG PET/CT in a patient with melanoma	26-year-old man with melanoma of back. Photograph of upper torso (posterior view) shows acne vulgaris corresponding to regions of focal increased uptake of F-18-FDG in. 
126714	Improved cancer detection using computer-aided detection with diagnostic and screening mammography: prospective study of 104 cancers	"Nonpalpable 12-mm cancer in upper inner quadrant in 59-year-old woman, which was probably not marked by computer-aided detection (CAD) device because of far posterior location. Spot magnification view with skin marker   over corresponding lesion   seen with sonography. "
126737	Imaging findings after breast brachytherapy	74-year-old woman with bilateral breast cancer treated with interstitial catheters on right and balloon on left. CT scan shows optimum balloon placement with adequate skin spacing and no surrounding air and catheters in right breast chosen over less-invasive balloon catheter because of anatomic constraints. 
126739	Imaging findings after breast brachytherapy	50-year-old woman with infiltrating ductal carcinoma of left breast treated with interstitial catheters. CT scan with contrast material in catheters shows catheter distribution around cavity and depth from skin. 
126751	Imaging findings after breast brachytherapy	45-year-old woman with palpable mass and pain at treatment site 2 years after balloon radiation therapy for infiltrating ductal carcinoma of medullary type. Excisional biopsy revealed fat necrosis and fibrosis. No residual or recurrent tumor was identified. Sagittal T2-weighted MR image with fat suppression shows high signal intensity at balloon treatment site that corresponds to palpable mass marked with vitamin E capsule on skin surface. 
127002	Pulmonary sclerosing hemangioma presenting as solitary pulmonary nodule: dynamic CT findings and histopathologic comparisons	47-year-old woman (patient 10) with sclerosing hemangioma with predominantly hemangiomatous and solid components. Mediastinal window of unenhanced CT scan (2.5-mm collimation) obtained at level of left upper lobar bronchus shows well-defined ovoid nodule in left upper lobe. Nodule has smooth margin and homogeneous internal attenuation. 
127003	Pulmonary sclerosing hemangioma presenting as solitary pulmonary nodule: dynamic CT findings and histopathologic comparisons	47-year-old woman (patient 10) with sclerosing hemangioma with predominantly hemangiomatous and solid components. Dynamic CT scan obtained 60 seconds after IV administration of contrast medium shows strong enhancement in right half of nodule   and less enhancement in left half. 
127004	Pulmonary sclerosing hemangioma presenting as solitary pulmonary nodule: dynamic CT findings and histopathologic comparisons	"47-year-old woman (patient 10) with sclerosing hemangioma with predominantly hemangiomatous and solid components. CT scan 5 minutes after contrast injection shows washout   of initial strong enhancement in right half, delayed enhancement   in left half (solid and sclerotic area), and therefore homogeneous attenuation in entire nodule. "
127005	Pulmonary sclerosing hemangioma presenting as solitary pulmonary nodule: dynamic CT findings and histopathologic comparisons	"47-year-old woman (patient 10) with sclerosing hemangioma with predominantly hemangiomatous and solid components. Low-magnification photomicrograph shows kidney-shaped nodule consisting of hemorrhagic hemangiomatous component   in right half of nodule and mixed hypercellular solid and sclerotic component   in left half. (H and E,  x 40) "
127006	Pulmonary sclerosing hemangioma presenting as solitary pulmonary nodule: dynamic CT findings and histopathologic comparisons	"47-year-old woman (patient 10) with sclerosing hemangioma with predominantly hemangiomatous and solid components. Time-attenuation curve obtained at descending aorta  , strongly enhancing right component  , and weaker-enhancing left component   of nodule shows rapid and strong enhancement and washout in right half of hemangiomatous component and slow and weak but persistent enhancement in left half of solid and sclerotic component of nodule. In this patient, two types of nodular time-attenuation curve were plotted because nodule had two distinctive enhancement patterns. "
127007	Pulmonary sclerosing hemangioma presenting as solitary pulmonary nodule: dynamic CT findings and histopathologic comparisons	40-year-old woman (patient 8) with sclerosing hemangioma having mixed papillary and sclerotic components. Mediastinal window of unenhanced CT scan (2.5-mm collimation) obtained at level of distal bronchus intermedius shows well-defined ovoid nodule   in right middle lobe. Smooth margins and homogeneous internal attenuation are evident. 
127008	Pulmonary sclerosing hemangioma presenting as solitary pulmonary nodule: dynamic CT findings and histopathologic comparisons	40-year-old woman (patient 8) with sclerosing hemangioma having mixed papillary and sclerotic components. Dynamic CT scan 60 seconds after IV administration of contrast medium shows spotty enhancement   within nodule compared with strong enhancement in pulmonary and systemic arteries. 
127009	Pulmonary sclerosing hemangioma presenting as solitary pulmonary nodule: dynamic CT findings and histopathologic comparisons	40-year-old woman (patient 8) with sclerosing hemangioma having mixed papillary and sclerotic components. CT scan 90 seconds after contrast injection shows permeant enhancement   within nodule. 
127010	Pulmonary sclerosing hemangioma presenting as solitary pulmonary nodule: dynamic CT findings and histopathologic comparisons	40-year-old woman (patient 8) with sclerosing hemangioma having mixed papillary and sclerotic components. CT scan 5 minutes after injection shows homogeneous attenuation of entire nodule. 
127011	Pulmonary sclerosing hemangioma presenting as solitary pulmonary nodule: dynamic CT findings and histopathologic comparisons	"40-year-old woman (patient 8) with sclerosing hemangioma having mixed papillary and sclerotic components. Low-magnification photomicrograph shows ovoid nodule with predominantly papillary component. Hemangiomatous   and sclerotic   components of tumor are evident. (H and E,  x 40) "
127012	Pulmonary sclerosing hemangioma presenting as solitary pulmonary nodule: dynamic CT findings and histopathologic comparisons	57-year-old woman (patient 9) with sclerosing hemangioma having predominantly solid and sclerotic components. Mediastinal window of unenhanced CT scan (2.5-mm collimation) at level of proximal left pulmonary artery shows small round nodule in superior segment of left lower lobe. Attenuation of nodule (65 H) is similar to that of chest wall muscle. 
127013	Pulmonary sclerosing hemangioma presenting as solitary pulmonary nodule: dynamic CT findings and histopathologic comparisons	"57-year-old woman (patient 9) with sclerosing hemangioma having predominantly solid and sclerotic components. Dynamic CT scan 60 seconds after IV contrast administration shows enhancement (net enhancement, 33 H) similar to that of chest wall muscle. Curvilinear enhancement   is evident in periphery of nodule. "
127014	Pulmonary sclerosing hemangioma presenting as solitary pulmonary nodule: dynamic CT findings and histopathologic comparisons	57-year-old woman (patient 9) with sclerosing hemangioma having predominantly solid and sclerotic components. CT scan 5 minutes after contrast injection shows homogeneous attenuation of nodule. 
127015	Pulmonary sclerosing hemangioma presenting as solitary pulmonary nodule: dynamic CT findings and histopathologic comparisons	"57-year-old woman (patient 9) with sclerosing hemangioma having predominantly solid and sclerotic components. Low-magnification photomicrograph shows round nodule with predominantly solid   and some sclerotic   components. Hemangiomatous component   is evident in periphery. Cystlike features   in nodule are caused by tissue distortion during freezing of pathologic specimen. (H and E,  x 40) "
127180	Unusual malignant tumors of the gallbladder	53-year-old woman with metastatic melanoma of gallbladder. Contrast-enhanced CT scan shows intraluminal polypoid mass with wall enhancement   in gallbladder. 
127385	Specimen radiography in confirmation of MRI-guided needle localization and surgical excision of breast lesions	"50-year-old woman who underwent evaluation of questionable density in outer aspect of left breast visible only on craniocaudal mammographic views and not identified sonographically. Axial 3D fast imaging employing steady-state acquisition (FIESTA) image of breast (TR/TE, 4/1; slice thickness, 5.0 mm; interslice gap, 5.0 mm, matrix size, 256  x  256; field of view,16 cm) after insertion of needle shows needle   localizing region of targeted lesion according to x, y, and z coordinates and anatomic landmarks (not shown). Changes associated with injection of local anesthesia   at skin entry are evident. "
127402	Cutaneous angiosarcoma of the breast on MRI	"51-year-old woman with 5-year history of lumpectomy and irradiation in left breast. Axial and sagittal MR images from dynamic sequence with fat subtraction show enhanced cutaneous angiosarcoma   in postoperative site. Note that lesion is located in thickened, irradiated skin. "
127404	Cutaneous angiosarcoma of the breast on MRI	"71-year-old woman with 11-year history of lumpectomy and irradiation in left breast and with new cancer in right breast. Axial and sagittal MR images from dynamic sequence with fat subtraction show cutaneous angiosarcoma  , also seen in postoperative site in this patient, in thickened irradiated skin. "
127461	High-resolution MR lymphangiography in patients with primary and secondary lymphedema	"Four cases of lymphedema: two primary and two secondary. 79-year-old woman with history of malignant melanoma and secondary lymphedema related to inguinal lymph node extirpation and radiation. Frontal 3D spoiled gradient-echo high-resolution MR lymphangiography sequence, obtained 35 minutes after gadodiamide injection, reveals delayed lymphatic flow with extensive reticular pattern of dilated lymphatic vessels, indicating neovascularization related to obstruction. "
127578	Duodenal somatostatinoma and gastrointestinal stromal tumor associated with neurofibromatosis type 1: diagnosis with PET/CT	"45-year-old woman with combined duodenal somatostatinoma and gastrointestinal stromal tumor (GIST) and history of neurofibromatosis type 1 (von Recklinghausen's disease) diagnosed from whole-body 16-MDCT F-18-FDG PET/CT. Axial   and coronal   multiplanar reformation images of PET/CT revealed sharply defined lobulated hypervascular mass (diameter, 15 mm) in third part of duodenum  , with strong early arterial contrast enhancement in lesion periphery. "
127579	Duodenal somatostatinoma and gastrointestinal stromal tumor associated with neurofibromatosis type 1: diagnosis with PET/CT	"45-year-old woman with combined duodenal somatostatinoma and gastrointestinal stromal tumor (GIST) and history of neurofibromatosis type 1 (von Recklinghausen's disease) diagnosed from whole-body 16-MDCT F-18-FDG PET/CT. Axial   and coronal   multiplanar reformation images of PET/CT revealed sharply defined lobulated hypervascular mass (diameter, 15 mm) in third part of duodenum  , with strong early arterial contrast enhancement in lesion periphery. "
127580	Duodenal somatostatinoma and gastrointestinal stromal tumor associated with neurofibromatosis type 1: diagnosis with PET/CT	"45-year-old woman with combined duodenal somatostatinoma and gastrointestinal stromal tumor (GIST) and history of neurofibromatosis type 1 (von Recklinghausen's disease) diagnosed from whole-body 16-MDCT F-18-FDG PET/CT. Moderate focal F-18-FDG-uptake in upper abdomen   shows increased standardized uptake value of 3.3, which exactly matched localization of mass in horizontal duodenum on fused axial PET/CT images. "
127581	Duodenal somatostatinoma and gastrointestinal stromal tumor associated with neurofibromatosis type 1: diagnosis with PET/CT	"45-year-old woman with combined duodenal somatostatinoma and gastrointestinal stromal tumor (GIST) and history of neurofibromatosis type 1 (von Recklinghausen's disease) diagnosed from whole-body 16-MDCT F-18-FDG PET/CT. Axial multiplanar reformation image of PET/CT shows second solid mass (diameter, 8 mm) in distal part of horizontal duodenum with marked contrast enhancement in early arterial CT scan. Mass was negative on PET. Pathology confirmed GIST. Pathology revealed that PET-positive tumor was somatostatinoma and PET-negative tumor was GIST. "
127859	Use of the brachiocephalic vein for placement of tunneled hemodialysis catheters	58-year-old man with long-standing end-stage renal disease and thrombosed left brachiocephalic arteriovenous fistula. Clamp marking skin entry site. Needle with placement of 0.018 wire through it. Arrow shows tip of needle. 
127892	MRI appearance of myocutaneous flaps commonly used in orthopedic reconstructive surgery	"39-year-old woman with rectus abdominus free flap to ankle after resection of dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans. Coronal T1-weighted (TR/TE, 683/17) spin-echo MR image at 4 months after placement of free flap. "
127893	MRI appearance of myocutaneous flaps commonly used in orthopedic reconstructive surgery	39-year-old woman with rectus abdominus free flap to ankle after resection of dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans. Diagram of free flap. 
127894	MRI appearance of myocutaneous flaps commonly used in orthopedic reconstructive surgery	"39-year-old woman with rectus abdominus free flap to ankle after resection of dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans. Progressive fatty atrophy of rectus abdominus free flap to ankle is seen. Patient did not receive radiation therapy. Coronal T1-weighted image obtained at 5 months  , at 15 months  , at 28 months  , and at 41 months. "
127895	MRI appearance of myocutaneous flaps commonly used in orthopedic reconstructive surgery	"39-year-old woman with rectus abdominus free flap to ankle after resection of dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans. Progressive fatty atrophy of rectus abdominus free flap to ankle is seen. Patient did not receive radiation therapy. Coronal T1-weighted image obtained at 5 months  , at 15 months  , at 28 months  , and at 41 months. "
127896	MRI appearance of myocutaneous flaps commonly used in orthopedic reconstructive surgery	"39-year-old woman with rectus abdominus free flap to ankle after resection of dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans. Progressive fatty atrophy of rectus abdominus free flap to ankle is seen. Patient did not receive radiation therapy. Coronal T1-weighted image obtained at 5 months  , at 15 months  , at 28 months  , and at 41 months. "
127897	MRI appearance of myocutaneous flaps commonly used in orthopedic reconstructive surgery	"39-year-old woman with rectus abdominus free flap to ankle after resection of dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans. Progressive fatty atrophy of rectus abdominus free flap to ankle is seen. Patient did not receive radiation therapy. Coronal T1-weighted image obtained at 5 months  , at 15 months  , at 28 months  , and at 41 months. "
127898	MRI appearance of myocutaneous flaps commonly used in orthopedic reconstructive surgery	"39-year-old woman with rectus abdominus free flap to ankle after resection of dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans. Coronal fast spin-echo T2-weighted (TR/TE, 3,000/95) image shows markedly increased T2-weighted signal at 4 months after flap placement. "
128377	Pulmonary embolism at multi-detector row CT of chest: one-year survival of treated and untreated patients	"  Transverse pulmonary CT angiographic image in 68-year-old immobilized woman with inguinal recurrence of malignant melanoma in whom there was no clinical suspicion of PE. PE (severity score, 3) depicted in left upper lobe segmental artery 1 (arrow) was undetected at routine assessment. The patient was treated with anticoagulants in prophylactic doses and died of metastatic disease 4 months later. "
128911	"Incidental pulmonary emboli in oncology patients: prevalence, CT evaluation, and natural history"	  Metastatic melanoma in a 68-year-old man.
128912	"Incidental pulmonary emboli in oncology patients: prevalence, CT evaluation, and natural history"	  Metastatic melanoma in a 68-year-old man.
128913	"Incidental pulmonary emboli in oncology patients: prevalence, CT evaluation, and natural history"	  Metastatic melanoma in a 68-year-old man.
128914	"Incidental pulmonary emboli in oncology patients: prevalence, CT evaluation, and natural history"	  Metastatic melanoma in a 68-year-old man.
129691	Adult intestinal intussusception: CT appearances and identification of a causative lead point	Ileocolic intussusception in a 41-year-old man with metastatic melanoma who presented with gastrointestinal bleeding. Contrast-enhanced CT scans demonstrate an ileocolic intussusception. The tumor that serves as the lead point (arrows in  ) originates in the cecum. An intussusception (arrow in  ) of the distal ileum is seen extending into the ascending colon.
129692	Adult intestinal intussusception: CT appearances and identification of a causative lead point	Ileocolic intussusception in a 41-year-old man with metastatic melanoma who presented with gastrointestinal bleeding. Contrast-enhanced CT scans demonstrate an ileocolic intussusception. The tumor that serves as the lead point (arrows in  ) originates in the cecum. An intussusception (arrow in  ) of the distal ileum is seen extending into the ascending colon.
129693	Adult intestinal intussusception: CT appearances and identification of a causative lead point	Ileocolic intussusception in a 41-year-old man with metastatic melanoma who presented with gastrointestinal bleeding. Photograph of the gross specimen shows a large pedunculated polypoid mass (arrow). Scale is in centimeters. 
129908	Pediatric presacral masses	"Type 1 neurofibromatosis in a 17-year-old boy. Axial pelvic CT scan obtained with intravenous contrast material shows well-circumscribed bilateral masses with soft-tissue attenuation, anterior to the sacrum, that have compressed the rectosigmoid colon segment and displaced the bladder. Neurofibromas also are visible in the inguinal regions. "
129909	Pediatric presacral masses	"Type 1 neurofibromatosis. Axial T2-weighted (4500/120) fat-saturated MR image of the middle pelvis in an 18-year-old male patient shows multiple bilateral target signs indicative of intrapelvic neurofibromas, which extend into the inguinal regions. A subcutaneous lesion also is visible in the left buttock. "
130233	Imaging characteristics of malignant lesions of the male breast	"Invasive ductal carcinoma in a 52-year-old man with a palpable mass. Mediolateral oblique mammogram shows an eccentrically located, irregular, indistinct, dense mass (M) deep in the palpated region with overlying skin thickening (S). The entire lesion could not be imaged with mammography because of its peripheral and deep location."
130234	Imaging characteristics of malignant lesions of the male breast	"Invasive ductal carcinoma in a 52-year-old man with a palpable mass. Transverse US image of the palpated region shows the nonparallel, hypoechoic, microlobulated mass with surrounding echogenic breast tissue. The overlying skin thickening is also seen. "
130235	Imaging characteristics of malignant lesions of the male breast	"Invasive ductal carcinoma in a 77-year-old man with a 3-month history of a tender subareolar mass. Coned-down craniocaudal mammogram shows a small, irregular, retroareolar density with nipple retraction and skin thickening."
130236	Imaging characteristics of malignant lesions of the male breast	"Invasive ductal carcinoma in a 77-year-old man with a 3-month history of a tender subareolar mass. Transverse US image of the nipple region shows the irregular, nonparallel, hypoechoic mass with angular margins and an isoechoic halo (*). The overlying low echogenicity corresponds to the nipple retraction and skin thickening seen on the mammogram. "
130240	Imaging characteristics of malignant lesions of the male breast	"Invasive ductal carcinoma with ipsilateral axillary lymph node metastases in a 49-year-old man with a palpable right breast mass. Physical examination demonstrated that the right breast was markedly larger than the left with induration, erythema, and nipple retraction. There were palpable nodes in the right axillary and supra-clavicular regions. Craniocaudal mammogram of the right breast shows the high-density mass with microcalcification and overlying skin thickening."
130246	Imaging characteristics of malignant lesions of the male breast	"Bilateral invasive ductal carcinoma with bilateral axillary lymph node metastases in a 48-year-old man with Klinefelter syndrome and a history of bilateral breast lumps for several months. Mediolateral oblique mammograms show bilateral large, retroareolar, spiculated, high-density masses with skin thickening and nipple retraction."
130695	Imaging manifestations of Kaposi sarcoma	Thoracic AIDS-related KS in a 45-year-old man. CT scan (soft-tissue windowing) depicts enlarged lymph nodes in the axillae and mediastinum (thin arrows). Note also the bilateral pleural fluid collections as well as some nodularity (thick arrows). Skin compromise is also identified in the left hemithorax (arrowhead). Histopathologic findings were consistent with KS. 
130722	Imaging manifestations of Kaposi sarcoma	Disseminated AIDS-related KS in a 45-year-old man who presented with diffuse swelling of the left lower extremity. The patient had a chronic history of skin and thoracic KS with poor response to chemotherapy. Anteroposterior and lateral
130723	Imaging manifestations of Kaposi sarcoma	Disseminated AIDS-related KS in a 45-year-old man who presented with diffuse swelling of the left lower extremity. The patient had a chronic history of skin and thoracic KS with poor response to chemotherapy. Anteroposterior radiographs show diffuse nodular thickening of soft tissues with multiple areas of osteopenia (arrows in  ).
130724	Imaging manifestations of Kaposi sarcoma	"Disseminated AIDS-related KS in a 45-year-old man who presented with diffuse swelling of the left lower extremity. The patient had a chronic history of skin and thoracic KS with poor response to chemotherapy. Bone scintigrams demonstrate irregular radiotracer uptake in the distal left forefoot. ANT = anteroposterior, LAT = lateral, PLA = posterolateral."
130725	Imaging manifestations of Kaposi sarcoma	"Disseminated AIDS-related KS in a 45-year-old man who presented with diffuse swelling of the left lower extremity. The patient had a chronic history of skin and thoracic KS with poor response to chemotherapy. , are hyperintense on the T2-weighted image (arrows in  ), and demonstrate enhancement on the contrast-enhanced image (arrows in  ). Abnormalities were also identified in multiple phalanges and metatarsal bones as well as in the cuboid bone."
130726	Imaging manifestations of Kaposi sarcoma	Disseminated AIDS-related KS in a 45-year-old man who presented with diffuse swelling of the left lower extremity. The patient had a chronic history of skin and thoracic KS with poor response to chemotherapy.
130727	Imaging manifestations of Kaposi sarcoma	Disseminated AIDS-related KS in a 45-year-old man who presented with diffuse swelling of the left lower extremity. The patient had a chronic history of skin and thoracic KS with poor response to chemotherapy. Sagittal MR images show the distal first metatarsal bone and the proximal and distal phalanges of the great toe. These structures are hypointense on the T1-weighted image
130728	Imaging manifestations of Kaposi sarcoma	Disseminated AIDS-related KS in a 45-year-old man who presented with diffuse swelling of the left lower extremity. The patient had a chronic history of skin and thoracic KS with poor response to chemotherapy. MR image shows diffuse thickening and enhancement of the soft tissues (*) surrounding the metatarsal bones. Histopathologic analysis performed after transmetatarsal amputation showed AIDS-related KS without evidence of osteomyelitis. 
130895	Superficial soft-tissue masses of the extremities	Dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans of the foot in a 33-year-old woman. Short-axis axial contrast-enhanced T1-weighted fat-suppressed MR image shows a lesion with marked inhomogeneous enhancement (arrow). The results of a histologic analysis demonstrated the penetration of the lesion through the dermis and subcutaneous fat layer to the fascia. 
130898	Superficial soft-tissue masses of the extremities	Sweat gland carcinoma in the hand of a 40-year-old man. Coronal T1-weighted MR image shows an inhomogeneous mass (arrow) adjacent to the first metacarpal bone.
130899	Superficial soft-tissue masses of the extremities	Sweat gland carcinoma in the hand of a 40-year-old man. Axial contrast-enhanced T1-weighted fat-suppressed image shows the inhomogeneous enhancement and ill-defined edges of the mass (arrow). 
130900	Superficial soft-tissue masses of the extremities	Merkel cell carcinoma in the upper arm of a 64-year-old woman. Sagittal T1-weighted MR image shows an ill-defined lesion (arrow) located in the subcutaneous fat and extending to the dermis. The lesion has signal isointense to that in muscle and hypointense to that in adjacent fat. The subcutaneous fat stranding is indicative of inflammation. 
130903	Superficial soft-tissue masses of the extremities	"Granular cell tumor in a 24-year-old woman. Coronal T2-weighted MR image shows an oval lesion with low signal intensity (arrow) in the subcutaneous fat of the foot, near the heel. "
130905	Superficial soft-tissue masses of the extremities	"Superficial malignant fibrous histiocytoma in a 44-year-old man. Coronal T1-weighted MR image shows a multilobulated low-signal-intensity lesion in the subcutaneous fat (arrowhead) adjacent to the iliotibial band, with edema (arrow) in the surrounding soft tissue."
130906	Superficial soft-tissue masses of the extremities	Superficial malignant fibrous histiocytoma in a 44-year-old man. Axial T2-weighted fat-suppressed MR image shows inhomogeneous high signal intensity in the tumor (arrowhead) and the surrounding region of soft-tissue edema (arrow). 
134746	"PET/CT in oncology: integration into clinical management of lymphoma, melanoma, and gastrointestinal malignancies"	"  48 year old man with malignant melanoma, referred for follow up evaluation when CT discovered two suspicious lesions in the spleen. (A) PET images show focal FDG uptake in the left mid abdomen. On the CT (B) and fusion images (C) the lesion could be localized to the third portion of the duodenum. Even in retrospect this lesion could not be identified in the diagnostic CT with contrast. This lesion was later also visualized with a small bowel series and at surgery confirmed to be metastatic melanoma. "
139166	Conversion of indwelling chest port catheters to tunneled central venous catheters	"A 46-year-old woman with left mastectomy for breast carcinoma and a single-lumen chest port previously placed for chemotherapy. In preparation for bone marrow transplantation, a dual-lumen apheresis catheter has been requested. An incision has been made at the port placement site and the port has been dissected free and placed onto the chest wall. The catheter is still connected to the port. The catheter is being held by a hemostat clamp (arrow) and is ready to be severed close to its junction with the port.   The catheter has been severed close to the port insertion site and the port has been discarded. A 0.035-inch stiff hydrophilic guide wire (open arrows) has been placed through the catheter (arrow) and maneuvered through the right atrium and into the inferior vena cava. The catheter with the guide wire exits from the incision made for port removal (arrowheads).   The 13.5-F apheresis catheter has been placed, incorporating the pocket as part of the tunnel. A small incision is made just inferior to the port incision for catheter placement. The catheter courses through the pocket and into the previous chest port tunnel. The pocket is closed with use of 4-0 vicryl subcutaneous suture and the skin is closed with 4-0 prolene. "
139237	"Noninvasive vascular laboratory for evaluation of peripheral arterial occlusive disease: Part II--clinical applications: chronic, usually atherosclerotic, lower extremity ischemia"	"TcPO2 tension recording in a 58-year-old diabetic man with a large nonhealing ulcer of the right great toe.   Probe placement. One probe has been placed adjacent to the plantar aspect of the toe ulcer to estimate both the probability of healing of the ulcer with the aggressive conservative management or of a toe amputation if necessary. A second probe has been placed to record the tcPO2 at the dorsum of the foot to estimate the probability of healing a transmetatarsal amputation in case a toe amputation would not heal.   Display table of the results of same patient as in. Previously published validation results derived from our noninvasive vascular laboratory   and others suggest that an amputation of either the base of the great toe or the transmetatarsal level should heal because the resting tcPO2 exceeded 10 mm Hg, and oxygen supplementation by face mask for 5 minutes increased the tcPO2 by greater than 10 mm Hg at both tested locations. Furthermore, the ulcer has a relatively good chance to heal with aggressive conservative therapy. The resting right ankle blood pressure was 137 mm Hg, the right ABI was 0.95, the right second toe pressure was 46 mm Hg, and the toe brachial index was 0.32. Blood pressure recordings could not be performed on the great toe due to the ulcer. The depressed toe brachial index of 0.32 is indicative of severe PAOD, although the absolute second toe pressure of 46 mm Hg would suggest probable adequate vascular supply to heal the skin ulcer. The mildly abnormal ABI of 0.95 may indicate either that the preponderance of PAOD involves the small arteries of the foot, or that the ankle blood pressure is artifactually elevated because of medial calcification of the anterior and posterior tibial arteries, and that a significant component of PAOD may be present in the arteries above the ankle. Because arterial disease located above the ankle may be conducive to arterial revascularization, conventional angiography or MR angiography may be warranted. The ankle blood pressure of 137 mm Hg also supports the likelihood of healing a distal skin ulcer or amputation. "
139375	Treatment of malignant pleural effusions with tunneled long-term drainage catheters	"A 41-year-old man with metastatic melanoma and dyspnea at rest.   A left-side-down decubitus chest radiograph shows a large, free-flowing left pleural effusion.   No residual fluid was seen on a chest radiograph after placing a Denver Pleural Catheter (Pleurx) and the patient's dyspnea improved.   After 96 days, pleurodesis was confirmed by the lack of fluid on a chest radiograph in the setting of three consecutive scant outputs. His dyspnea remained improved. The pleural-based opacity in the left upper hemithorax was a soft-tissue metastasis on CT scans. "
139802	Image-guided radiofrequency tumor ablation: challenges and opportunities--part II	RF ablation of adrenal gland malignancy:   an axial contrast-enhanced CT image shows an enhancing left adrenal mass in a 65-year-old woman with malignant melanoma.   Axial contrast-enhanced CT image 6 weeks after RF ablation shows a decrease in the tumoral enhancement (arrow) consistent with induced coagulation. 
139901	Use of curved needles to perform biopsies and drainages of inaccessible targets	"Sagittal multiplanar spoiled gradient-echo MR image of a 53-year-old man with history of rectal carcinoma after abdominoperineal resection and radiation therapy, now with presacral pain. A custom curved 18-gauge needle was advanced in the sagittal plane from an infracoccygeal skin entrance site to the presacral mass invading the anterior cortex of S5. Use of a straight needle would have required either drilling of a hole in the posterior sacrum, or transgression of bladder, bowel, or the base of the penis. Biopsies and an Impar ganglion (presacral somatic) nerve block were performed. "
140427	Embolization of high flow arteriovenous malformations: experience with use of superabsorbent polymer microspheres	A 31 year-old woman with left ear AVM who was referred because of frequent spontaneous bleeding.   The left posterior auricular arteriography (AP view) shows the diffuse nidus with early venous filling.   TAE was performed with use of SAP-MS particles (150-250 um) alone. Postembolization DSA shows occlusion of the nidus. Proximal portions of the feeding arteries remain patent.   Photograph at the first clinic visit in August 2000 shows enlarged left ear with slight redness.   Photograph at 10-month follow-up after TAE treatment in September 2001 shows shrinkage of the ear without skin problems. No bleeding was experienced after TAE treatment. 
140428	Embolization of high flow arteriovenous malformations: experience with use of superabsorbent polymer microspheres	"DSA images and photographs of a 21-year-old woman with extensive LE-AVM, who had undergone below-the-knee amputation at 8 years of age as a result of tissue necrosis.   In February 1999, the baseline right superficial femoral arteriography shows extensive AVM with multiple nidi around the knee.   At the third TAE procedure in May 1999, the postembolization image shows the reduction of AV shunting. SAP-MS particles (150-350 um) were mainly used in addition to NBCA and coils.   At the first clinic visit in February 1999, the patient developed an ulcer with episodes of severe bleeding, which was associated with leg prosthesis. Varicose veins are noted on the lateral aspect of the thigh. The bruit was prominent around the knee.   In August 1999, after four TAE procedures, the ulcer was improved. Three more TAE procedures were performed for further reduction of the blood flow into the nidi without complication.   In August 2000, as the patient's activity increased, the ulcer was aggravated. Debridement and skin graft surgery were required.   In September 2001, the ulcer was almost healed with bruit remaining reduced. "
140730	US-guided catheter drainage of postoperative head and neck fluid collections	"Figure. Images from a 31-year-old man with right retromolar cancer who underwent extended wide excision of tumor and ipsilateral neck dissection. The skin over his cheek is preserved. The patient's buccal mucosa defect is reconstructed with use of a free-tissue flap taken from the anterolateral aspect of the thigh.   At 1 week after operation, swelling over the right cheek with local distension pain is noted. The patient was febrile (38.7-degreeC) and had leukocytosis (17.5  x  109/L).   High-resolution sonogram after percutaneous insertion of a drainage catheter shows pigtail catheter (arrows) coils within a fluid collection which measures 2 cm  x  4 cm  x  5.5 cm. The fluid collection is located between the intact cheek skin and the reconstruction flap on the buccal side of the lateral wall of the oral cavity.   A 7-F trocar-type pigtail catheter is inserted via intact skin surface over the posterior aspect of his cheek, diverting the drainage away from the operated field. The catheter is connected to a vacuum ball (asterisk) for continuous drainage. The immediate collapse of the large fluid-filled cavity results in a depression over the patient's cheek (arrow). A total of 662 mL of serosanguinous fluid was collected over a period of 13 days. Fluid culture revealed proteus mirabilis infection. "
141119	Translumbar high inferior vena cava access placement in patients with thrombosed inferior vena cava filters	"A 23-year-old male patient with short gut syndrome requiring long-term parenteral nutrition. The supradiaphragmatic access was previously occluded because of thromboses and infections.   CT image of the upper portion of the IVC filter shows that the top of the filter is free of thrombus. The right renal artery is superior to this level (not shown) where the IVC is reconstituted.   CT image of the lower portion of the IVC filter demonstrates thrombus contained within the filter struts.   Needle access to the IVC aiming for the top of the IVC filter (prone position) shows that guide-wire access has been obtained.   Spot radiographs demonstrate final catheter position of the 7-F, double-lumen Hickman catheter with the tip at the upper IVC and the catheter exiting the skin along the right flank. "
142006	"Concepts, considerations, and concerns on the cutting edge of radiofrequency ablation"	"  Images from a 24-year-old man with metastatic melanoma and a painful deforming lesion in the right neck.   Contrast material-enhanced CT demonstrates a vascular mass peripheral to the sternocleidomastoid muscle.   After deploying an umbrella array, ice was placed within sterile gloves to protect the skin.   Follow-up imaging 1 month after RF ablation demonstrated necrosis of much of the tumor with interval reduction in size. "
146788	Constitutive expression of phVEGF165 after intramuscular gene transfer promotes collateral vessel development in patients with critical limb ischemia	"  Limb salvage after gene therapy in a 33-year-old woman (patient 1, Table ). Left top, Nonhealing wound on medial aspect of calf and ischemic necrosis involving great toe. Left middle, Ingrowth of granulation tissue in calf wound, healing of great toe. Left bottom, Three months after gene transfer, healing of split-thickness skin graft at wound site and full resolution of great toe necrosis. Before gene therapy, patient was wheelchair-bound on multiple analgesics, including methadone, amitriptyline hydrochloride, clonidine, oxycodone/acetaminophen, and a fentanyl patch. Three months after gene transfer, she was freely ambulatory and had been successfully weaned from all analgesics. Right, Evidence of phVEGF165 bioavailability documented by an increase in venous VEGF blood levels and bioactivity expressed as an increase in ABI. The ABI progressively increased from 0.28 before to 0.56 after gene therapy (weeks refer to time after transfection). This was associated with development of a phasic pulse volume recording compared with nonphasic tracing recorded at baseline. Vertical arrows indicate timing of each of the 2 intramuscular phVEGF165 injections. "
154849	ACCF/AHA/HRS/SCAI clinical competence statement on physician knowledge to optimize patient safety and image quality in fluoroscopically guided invasive cardiovascular procedures. A report of the American College of Cardiology Foundation/American Heart Association/American College of Physicians Task Force on Clinical Competence and Training	" Radiation injury following angioplasty. This was the first reported case of radiation-induced skin necrosis from a coronary angioplasty procedure. The patient underwent three coronary angioplasty procedures, each of which lasted between 1 to 2 h. The last two procedures were performed on the same day, 6 months after the first, and involved about 1 h of fluoroscopy on-time. No data on the number of cine frames is available. Erythema was noted on the patient's back when the patient was removed from the table after the last procedure. One month later the patient reported erythema in the same areal; this persisted. The   shows the appearance approximately 5 months after the procedures. The condition progressed into blistering, exudation, ulceration, and necrosis.   shows the wound 22 months after the third procedure.   Radiation injury from an electrophysiologic ablation procedure. A 52-year-old man underwent an ablative procedure for supraventricular arrhythmias. His arm had accidentally been positioned within the radiation field during the 10-h procedure. The estimated dose of radiation was in the range of 15 to 20 Gy.   Chronic radiation-induced skin injury. A 17-year-old girl underwent two electrophysiologic ablation procedures to treat an arrhythmia. The total fluoroscopy time was about 100 min. Erythema was present 12 h after the procedure. At 1 month, the area was red and blistering. At 2 years, the area was described as an atrophic indurated plaque with linear edges, hyperpigmentation and hypopigmentation, and telangiectasia. The patient had difficulty raising her right arm. Because of the close proximity of the breast to the X-ray beam, the scattered radiation resulted in a substantial dose to her right breast, placing her at an elevated risk for breast cancer. "
173948	ACCF/AHA/HRS/SCAI clinical competence statement on physician knowledge to optimize patient safety and image quality in fluoroscopically guided invasive cardiovascular procedures: a report of the American College of Cardiology Foundation/American Heart Association/American College of Physicians Task Force on Clinical Competence and Training	" (A) Radiation injury following angioplasty. This was the first reported case of radiation-induced skin necrosis from a coronary angioplasty procedure. The patient underwent three coronary angioplasty procedures, each of which lasted between 1 to 2 h. The last two procedures were performed on the same day, 6 months after the first, and involved about 1 h of fluoroscopy on-time. No data on the number of cine frames is available. Erythema was noted on the patient's back when the patient was removed from the table after the last procedure. One month later the patient reported erythema in the same area; this persisted. The image on the left shows the appearance approximately 5 months after the procedures. The condition progressed into blistering, exudation, ulceration, and necrosis. The image on the right shows the wound 22 months after the third procedure.  (B) Radiation injury from an electrophysiologic ablation procedure. A 52-year-old man underwent an ablative procedure for supraventricular arrhythmias. His arm had accidentally been positioned within the radiation field during the 10-h procedure. The estimated dose of radiation was in the range of 15 to 20 Gy.  (C) Chronic radiation-induced skin injury. A 17-year-old girl underwent two electrophysiologic ablation procedures to treat an arrhythmia. The total fluoroscopy time was about 100 min. Erythema was present 12 h after the procedure. At 1 month, the area was red and blistering. At 2 years, the area was described as an atrophic indurated plaque with linear edges, hyperpigmentation and hypopigmentation, and telangiectasia. The patient had difficulty raising her right arm. Because of the close proximity of the breast to the X-ray beam, the scattered radiation resulted in a substantial dose to her right breast, placing her at an elevated risk for breast cancer.  "
176988	Sonography of the eye	47-year-old man with iris melanoma. Ultrasound biomicroscopic image provides better anatomic detail of anterior portion of eye than conventional sonogram shown in. 
176989	Sonography of the eye	"52-year-old woman with choroidal melanoma. Typical sonographic features include hypoechoic mass, lobular in shape, with marginal retinal elevation. Hyperechoic rim is combination of elevated retina and peripheral blood vessels. Characteristic hypoechoic echotexture is also seen in A-mode scan  , which shows decreased reflectivity between two small arrows corresponding to margins of mass, a feature that sometimes helps distinguish it from other types of tumor (see Figs.  ,  ,  , and  ). "
176990	Sonography of the eye	"50-year-old woman with primary breast cancer metastasizing to eye. Although flat hyperechoic tumor   is morphologically similar to lymphoma   or treated melanoma (Figs.   and  ), its surface is more irregular, and A-mode sonography   shows high reflectivity. "
176993	Sonography of the eye	"38-year-old woman with lymphoma. Sonography depicts rather flat mass of moderate echogenicity. A-mode sonographic tracing, taken through black-line axis, shows moderate reflectivity   that iSs greater than that of melanoma (low reflectivity) but less than that of metastasis (high reflectivity). "
176994	Sonography of the eye	"52-year-old woman with choroidal melanoma. Funduscopy shows large dark melanoma   with peripheral retinal elevation  , which appears translucent yellow because red color of underlying choroid, seen elsewhere, is lost. "
176995	Sonography of the eye	"45-year-old woman with ciliary body melanoma. Sonogram shows tumor is large and round, which is common for melanoma. C = ciliary body, A = anterior chamber. "
176996	Sonography of the eye	45-year-old woman with ciliary body melanoma. Color Doppler sonogram shows blood vessels   encircling and penetrating tumor. 
176997	Sonography of the eye	45-year-old woman with ciliary body melanoma. Ophthalmoscopy shows dark tumor   partially obscuring normal red reflex of retinochoroidal pigmentation seen through dilated pupil. 
176998	Sonography of the eye	"62-year-old man with melanoma   arising from ciliary body (C), which is small and buttonlike. Small melanoma of ciliary body can be missed because of its small size and location if funduscopy is performed without depressing sclera externally. "
176999	Sonography of the eye	Complications of melanoma in 56-year-old man with blurred vision. Retinal elevation   is caused by tumor mass   or by possible transudation of fluid. 
177000	Sonography of the eye	"Complications of melanoma in 69-year-old woman with diminished brightness of vision. Vitreous hemorrhage, seen as low-level echoes filling vitreous body (V), completely obscures direct view of tumor   by funduscopy. "
177001	Sonography of the eye	Complications of melanoma in 42-year-old man with severe loss of vision in one eye. Location of melanoma   on and adjacent to optic disk   may prevent radiation treatment and could necessitate enucleation of eye. 
177002	Sonography of the eye	"55-year-old man with choroidal melanoma. Sonogram shows melanoma (M) before brachytherapy (radiation plaque treatment). Melanoma is biconvex, with slight elevation of retina   at one margin because of serous fluid transudate. "
177003	Sonography of the eye	"55-year-old man with choroidal melanoma. After radiation plaque treatment, tumor (M) shows significant decrease in volume. Apical tumor dimensions can be obtained using A-mode sonography (not shown). "
177459	MRI of complicated pouchitis	"Sinus and fistula tracts in two patients. 47-year-old man with pouch. Gadolinium-enhanced T1 SPIR (spectral inversion recovery) axial image shows marked enhancement of right perineal fistula  , which extended to skin surface. "
177509	Ureteral fibroepithelial polyp on MDCT urography	43-year-old woman with left ureteral fibroepithelial polyp. Combined nephrographic-excretory phase CT scan shows left ureteral lesion surrounded by excreted contrast material. 
177510	Ureteral fibroepithelial polyp on MDCT urography	43-year-old woman with left ureteral fibroepithelial polyp. Oblique coronal maximum-intensity-projection reformatted image with 2-cm slab thickness shows full extent of ureteral lesion measuring approximately 5 cm in length. 
177511	Ureteral fibroepithelial polyp on MDCT urography	43-year-old woman with left ureteral fibroepithelial polyp. Sagittal average-projection reformatted image again shows full extent of ureteral lesion. 
177512	Ureteral fibroepithelial polyp on MDCT urography	43-year-old woman with left ureteral fibroepithelial polyp. Ureteroscopic image of resected lesion. 
177563	Transcutaneous contrast-enhanced sonography of peripheral lung lesions	64-year-old man with malignant melanoma and lung metastases. B-mode sonography shows pleural effusion (E) and inhomogeneous atelectasis (A). 
177564	Transcutaneous contrast-enhanced sonography of peripheral lung lesions	"64-year-old man with malignant melanoma and lung metastases. Contrast-enhanced sonography shows short time to enhancement (3 min). In parenchymal phase, marked tissue enhancement is seen with demarcation of hypoechoic paranchymal lesion (M). "
177570	Transcutaneous contrast-enhanced sonography of peripheral lung lesions	31-year-old man with Kaposi sarcoma of lung. B-mode sonography shows homogeneous lung lesion. 
177571	Transcutaneous contrast-enhanced sonography of peripheral lung lesions	"31-year-old man with Kaposi sarcoma of lung. Contrast-enhanced sonography shows short time to enhancement. In parenchymal phase, hypoechoic tissue enhancement is seen. Demarcation of areas with anechoic enhancement (1 min) suggests tumor necrosis (N). "
177572	Transcutaneous contrast-enhanced sonography of peripheral lung lesions	31-year-old man with Kaposi sarcoma of lung. Marked splenic (S) tissue enhancement (2 min) provides reference. 
178237	CT-guided transthoracic needle biopsy using a puncture site-down positioning technique	74-year-old man with primary lung cancer. CT scan obtained before biopsy with patient in right lateral decubitus position shows mass has shifted to puncture site and is at depth of 2 cm from pleura surface. Skin and subcutaneous tissue are fixed in puncture window due to patient's body weight. 
